? npm s /\^gulp-                                                                                     htdocs/git/master
NAME                                  DESCRIPTION                                                  AUTHOR
gulp-6to5                             Turn ES6 code into vanilla ES5 with no runtime required      =sindresorhus…
gulp-9-patch                          Utilities for android-9-patch images.                        =manse
gulp-a11y                             A Gulp plugin for a11y to run accessibility audits on html…  =mpezzi
gulp-absolute                         Filter files by absolute path                                =jeromedecoster
gulp-absolute-image                                                                                =spud
gulp-absurd                           AbsurdJS plugin for Gulp                                     =krasimir
gulp-accord                           a unified interface to compiled javascript languages         =jenius
gulp-acss                             gulp plugin for ACSS                                         =morishitter
gulp-adapter                          Transform gulp plugin into standard javascript task.         =yuanyan
gulp-add                              Add files by content at any point in the pipeline            =hoho
gulp-add-src                          Add more 'src' files at any point in the pipeline (gulp…     =urish
gulp-additem                          ?????????                                           =colee               2014-03-1
gulp-adhoc                            Easily compose sequential and parallel task on the command…  =ngconsulti
gulp-aggregate                        Keep track of received files and send them as a batch all…   =andresberrios
gulp-aggressive-inline                Gulp wrapper for aggressive-inline                           =joaojeronimo
gulp-aglio                            Port of aglio for gulp                                       =nnnnathann
gulp-agnitio-templatecache            Concatenates and registers HTML templates in the app.cache.  =jofan
gulp-am-transport                     am-transport gulp plugin                                     =semious
gulp-amd-bundler                      Make an AMD moudle and its relative depended moudles into…   =webyom
gulp-amd-dependency                   Find out relative depended AMD module files by a AMD module… =webyom
gulp-amd-jst                          Compile underscore templates to a JST file using gulp.(…     =blune68
gulp-amd-optimizer                    Emits the entire dependency tree of one or more AMD…         =mariusgundersen
gulp-amdcheck                         Uses AST to find and remove unused dependencies in AMD…      =mehdishojaei
gulp-amdclean                         A gulp wrapper for amdclean.                                 =rstone770
gulp-amdsync
gulp-amw-dest                         am-dest gulp plugin                                          =semious
gulp-angular                          Opinionated domain driven AngularJs project builder based…   =mcnull
gulp-angular-builder                  Gulp plugin to filter and include only necessary AngularJS…  =jessezhang91
gulp-angular-compiler                 HTML compiler for angularify app                             =henrytao
gulp-angular-dep                      dynamic angular bower dependencies module                    =enricolucia
gulp-angular-dependency               A gulp plugin which will retrieve files needed by angular…   =ixday
gulp-angular-extender                 Extend AngularJS applications by injecting module…           =mariocasciaro
gulp-angular-filesort                 Automatically sort AngularJS app files depending on module…  =joakimbeng
gulp-angular-gettext                  Gulp plugin for extracting/compiling angular-gettext strings =gabegorelick
gulp-angular-gettext-annotate         Gulp plugin for adding angular-gettext annotations to…       =bartekn
gulp-angular-gettext-export-html      Gulp plugin for parsing angular templates with…              =bartekn
gulp-angular-htmlify                  Change your ng-attributes to data-ng-attributes for HTML5…   =pgilad
gulp-angular-includes                 Opinionated gulp transform to create angularjs includes for… =seryl
gulp-angular-inject-module            Add module as dependency Injection to a other.               =nahody
gulp-angular-injector                 This module is meant to solve an annoying problem of…        =alexgorbatchev
gulp-angular-module                   Allows for dynamic module extension                          =rossross
gulp-angular-modules                  Detects when you are adding a new `Angular.js` module into…  =yagoferrer
gulp-angular-protractor               Based on the gulp-protractor plugin with an option to start… =rochejul
gulp-angular-require-builder          A Gulp plugin generates typescript code. The generated code… =kazup0n
gulp-angular-template                 Compile AngularJS one time binding expressions.              =allenkim
gulp-angular-templatecache            Concatenates and registers AngularJS templates in the…       =mickel
gulp-angular-templatecache-ionic      Concatenates and registers AngularJS templates in the…       =adamshiervani
gulp-angular-templatecache-n3utrino   Concatenates and registers AngularJS templates in the…       =n3utrino
gulp-angular-templatecache-noconcat   gulp angular templatecache noconcat                          =liutian
gulp-angular-templates                AngularJS template assembler for Gulp.js                     =robbinhabermehl
gulp-angular-translate                Concatenates and registers translations for…                 =robbinhabermehl
gulp-angular-workflow                 Gulp tasks that are commonly used to handle angular web…     =chrisronline
gulp-api-log                          Log the gulp cli responses when consuming the api…           =yoshuawuyts
gulp-apidoc                           RESTful web API Documentation Generator                      =cobaimelan
gulp-apidoc-to-markdown               gulp-apidoc-to-markdown                                      =agavish
gulp-apidocjs                         RESTful web API Documentation Generator                      =apriendeau =mschip…
gulp-apigen                           PHP ApiGen plugin for Gulp                                   =nathanmac
gulp-appcache                         Generate HTML5 Cache Manifest files with relative path       =sharique-hasan
gulp-append-data                      Append content of JSON file as property to currently…        =backflip
gulp-appendit                         > work in progress                                           =stefanbuck
gulp-apply-template                   Apply templates to file contents                             =zaim
gulp-applymin                         Replaces references to none optimized scripts ,…             =calledt
gulp-archy                            Render a buffered files structures with archy                =maetchkin
gulp-arialinter                       Gulp plugin for the accessibility tool AriaLinter            =charca
gulp-article                          gulp plugin for parse vinyl and convert to article vinyl     =jigsaw
gulp-article-archive                  gulp plugin for article archive                              =jigsaw
gulp-article-publish                  gulp plugin for article publish                              =jigsaw
gulp-article-rss                      gulp plugin for generate rss with markdown articles          =jigsaw
gulp-artifactory-upload               Gulp plugin to deploy files to a JFrog Artifactory server.   =peteward44
gulp-artoo                            A gulp plugin to create artoo.js bookmarklets.               =yomguithereal
gulp-as-css-imports                   Add CSS file with @import for all files in the stream        =hoho
gulp-asar                             Gulp plugin to generate atom-shell asar archives.            =bwin
gulp-asciidoctor                      asciidoctor to HTML                                          =dongwq
gulp-aside                            Apply only to files that match pattern.                      =danestuckel
gulp-aspnet                           Gulp ASP.NET plugin                                          =alxandr
gulp-aspnet-k                         Gulp plugin for ASP.NET vNext                                =tugberk
gulp-assemble                         Gulp plugin for Assemble.                                    =jonschlinkert…
gulp-assemblyinfo                     AssemblyInfo.cs file generator plugin for gulp               =chriscanal
gulp-asset                            Gulp module for managing asset revisions and using multiple… =benjaminpearson
gulp-asset-manifest                   gulp plugin for adding generated assets to a manifest file   =vanjacosic
gulp-asset-pipeline                   Example of Asset Pipeline using Gulp                         =thelinuxlich
gulp-asset-transform                  A fully async Usemin-like Gulp library ===================   =futurechan
gulp-assetpaths                       A Gulp plugin to change asset paths from one environment to… =qwales1
gulp-assets                           A plugin for Gulp that extracts the javascript and css…      =kombucha =shinnn
gulp-assign-to-jade                   Assign file contents to the Jade template as a local…        =shinnn
gulp-ast                              gulp js AST transformations                                  =andyscott
gulp-aster                            aster binding for gulp                                       =rreverser
gulp-async-func-runner                A gulp task for running asynchronous functions.              =cellarise
gulp-async-function-runner
gulp-atom                             A gulp plugin for atom-shell distribute applications.        =xeodou
gulp-atom-shell                       gulp plugin for packaging Atom Shell applications            =joaomoreno
gulp-atomicscss                       A plugin for Gulp that takes text, scans for class…          =interneterik
gulp-audit                            Generates an audit trail for minified builds with build…     =azakus
gulp-auto-emblem                      Gulp task for Emblem.js templates with Ember (Plain module)  =indream
gulp-autocompletion-zsh               Autocompletion support for your gulp.js tasks (zsh).         =akoenig
gulp-autoconfig
gulp-autopolyfiller                   Autopolyfiller plugin for Gulp.                              =azproduction
gulp-autoprefixer                     Prefix CSS                                                   =sindresorhus…
gulp-autowatch                        Sugar for reusing a paths object to watch and run gulp tasks =fractal
gulp-aws                              AWS S3 plugin for Gulp                                       =spreaker
gulp-aws-s3                           AWS S3 plugin for Gulp                                       =stanislaw-glogowski
gulp-awslambda                        A Gulp plugin for publishing your package to AWS Lambda      =willyg302
gulp-awspublish                       gulp plugin to publish files to amazon s3                    =pgherveou
gulp-awspublish-router                Define your build sources in HTML.                           =jussi-kalliokoski
gulp-azure-storage                    Gulp plugin to download and upload files to/from the Azure…  =joaomoreno
gulp-backpack                         Collect all the classic gulp's dependencies you need in one… =maximet
gulp-backtrace                        Backtrace                                                    =webyom
gulp-bailey                           a gulp plugin to compile bailey.js                           =relekang
gulp-balmung                          Gulp plugin to run balmung image optimizer.                  =hakashun
gulp-base-files                       This is a poorly written, poorly maintained hack that I've…  =za_creature
gulp-base64                           gulp task to encode images to data URI                       =wenqer
gulp-baseimg                          Convert images to dataUri-stylesheet                         =sunify
gulp-bash-completion                  ## Simple Usage                                              =scivey
gulp-basswork                         Gulp wrapper for Basswork                                    =jxnblk
gulp-batch                            Event batcher for gulp-watcher                               =floatdrop
gulp-batch-replace                    A batch string/regexp replace plugin for gulp                =metrime
gulp-batman-templates                 Turn HTML files into JS code to preload batman.js templates  =rmosolgo
gulp-beautify                         Asset beautification using node-beautify                     =fractal
gulp-behat                            Behat plugin for Gulp                                        =codedungeon
gulp-belch                            > A gulp wrapper for the popular…                            =chmontgomery
gulp-belongs-to                       plugin for adding parents of included files to stream        =garmash
gulp-bem                              BEM toolset for gulp                                         =floatdrop
gulp-bem-debug                        Debug utility for BEM objects                                =floatdrop
gulp-bem-js-pack                      Packing CommonJS modules in BEM-compatible way               =floatdrop
gulp-bem-pack                         Packing CommonJS modules in BEM-compatible way               =floatdrop
gulp-bemjson                          Gulp plugin for process bemjson to html                      =molforp
gulp-beml                             HTML preprocessor for BEM                                    =zenwalker
gulp-bench                            Run performance benchmark tests                              =hiddentao
gulp-bench-summary                    Display gulp-bench results in nice table view                =ai
gulp-benchmark                        Benchmark test runner for gulp with full control on input…   =vportnov
gulp-bg                               Spawn a process in the background                            =litek
gulp-bh                               Gulp plugin for BH rendering                                 =floatdrop
gulp-bintray                          A gulp task for uploading files to Bintray                   =frankwallis
gulp-bird                             bird-v2                                                      =ccxsungodzzx
gulp-biscotto                         A Gulp-friendly module to generate…                          =adam-lynch
gulp-bitcore
gulp-blade                            Blade plugin for gulp (gulpjs.com)                           =stevelacy
gulp-bladephp                         blade (laravel) template engine                              =xash
gulp-blanket-mocha                    Execute blanket coverage on Mocha tests                      =dylanb
gulp-blaze                            Blaze compiler simplifies building security rules for…       =diwank
gulp-bless                            CSS post-processor which splits CSS files suitably for…      =adam-lynch
gulp-blink                            Gulp plugin for Blink.                                       =jedmao
gulp-bliss                            Compile Bliss templates with gulp.                           =ngconsulti
gulp-blog                             a gulp Plugin for use github-pages set up blog               =qingo
gulp-bolt-tpl                         convert medley type templates                                =jlof
gulp-bookmarkify                      Minify files with UglifyJS.                                  =coldlogic
gulp-bootlint                         A gulp wrapper for Bootlint, the HTML linter for Bootstrap…  =tschortsch
gulp-bootsie                          Gulp plugin for Bootsie                                      =cmyklove
gulp-bootstrap
gulp-borschik                         Borschik plugin for gulp                                     =doochik
gulp-bower                            Install Bower packages.                                      =alexander.zonov
gulp-bower-deps                       Easily describe your bower dependencies                      =tardyp
gulp-bower-dist                       Fix bower_component paths for distribution                   =potch
gulp-bower-files                      Build gulp.src() of your bower packages main files.          =cknoetschke
gulp-bower-normalize                  Takes a list of bower files and normalizes them by as…       =cthrax
gulp-bower-source                     Build object of your bower packages main files.              =mariust
gulp-bower-src                        gulp-src bower files                                         =bclozel
gulp-bower2                           Install Bower packages.                                      =fronter-as
gulp-brace-tags                       Brace Tags Gulp plugin (wrapper for command line…            =cabrera
gulp-brass                            Build RPM package                                            =monai
gulp-brass-npm                        Helpers for packaging npm packages with gulp-brass           =monai
gulp-brfs                             fs.readFileSync() static asset inliner with gulp             =stayradiated
gulp-browatchify                      Browserify + Watchify the gulp way.                          =tounano
gulp-browserify                       Bundle modules with Browserify                               =deepak_robo
gulp-browserify-library-seed          This is a Kickstarter or a Seed project to use to build…     =mgonto
gulp-browserify-mangle                Mangles browserify require strings in final bundle to…       =yamalight
gulp-browserify-protect               hide window.require and window.define from browserify…       =mathisonian
gulp-browserify-task                  browserify task generator for gulp                           =hshn
gulp-browserify-thin                  A very thin extension of Browserify that overrides the…      =bluejeansandrain
gulp-browserify-utils
gulp-browserify-wrap                  Gulp plugin that allows the use of browserify transforms in… =call-a3
gulp-browserify2                      browserify recipe wrapper as a gulp task                     =chmanie
gulp-buddha                           Buddha's grace illuminates code as sunshine                  =materliu
gulp-buddy.js                         Gulp plugin for running buddy.js                             =semigradsky
gulp-buffer                           Make sure all gulp file contents are available as buffer     =jeromew
gulp-build                            Build files for different environments by swapping in…       =tjeastmond
gulp-build-branch                     Publish a folder to the given build branch (like gh-pages).  =neoeno
gulp-bump                             Bump npm versions with Gulp (gulpjs.com)                     =stevelacy
gulp-bundle                           Parse build blocks in HTML to concatenate JavaScript and…    =jonkemp
gulp-bundle-assets                    Create asset (js, css) bundles from a config file…           =chmontgomery
gulp-bundle-assets-express-middleware Express middleware for gulp-bundle-assets                    =chmontgomery
gulp-bundle-manifest                  generates a manifest file from a list of input files         =naltatis
gulp-bust                             Gulp cache busting with development or production mappings   =mattyod
gulp-buster                           Cache buster hashes generator for gulp. Blazing fast and…    =ult_combo
gulp-busterjs                         BusterJS runner for gulp                                     =sdepold
gulp-bytediff                         Compare file sizes before and after your gulp build process. =beneb
gulp-cache                            A cache proxy task for Gulp                                  =jgable
gulp-cache-breaker                    Gulp utility for cache busting.                              =codeviking
gulp-cache-bust                       Append a query string to your assets to bust that cache!     =furzeface
gulp-cache-manifest                   Generate HTML5 Cache Manifest files                          =sharique-hasan
gulp-cachebust                        Generates checksums and renames references to files, useful… =josiah
gulp-cached                           A simple in-memory file cache for gulp                       =fractal
gulp-callback                         GULP PIPE CALLBACK                                           =oliverfoster
gulp-capnp-text2json                  Convert Capnproto's text dump format to JSON.                =popham
gulp-carryout
gulp-casperjs                         Gulp plugin for running CasperJS scripts                     =zayec77
gulp-cat                              Echo file(s) to the console.                                 =beneb
gulp-cdn-absolute-path                A gulp plugin for replacing local path with cdn absolute…    =anhulife
gulp-cdn-ref                          change urls in css/js files to cdn-based version             =lisposter
gulp-cdn-replace                      gulp-cdn-replace ================                            =jarvisjiang
gulp-cdnizer                          A gulp plugin for replacing local links with CDN links,…     =overzealous
gulp-cex-utils                        utilities for building cex application                       =ticaasd =clokze…
gulp-cfx                              Packe Firefox Add-ons in the pipeline.                       =evanxd
gulp-change                           allow file content manipulations                             =marcopeg
gulp-changed                          Only pass through changed files                              =sindresorhus
gulp-changed-files                    Compares files from stream, with files from target folder.…  =chandru9279
gulp-changed-old                      Only pass through changed files                              =ground5hark
gulp-channels                         All your pipe are belong to us                               =mgcrea
gulp-check                            Gulp plugin to detect illegal expressions                    =nicholasboll
gulp-check-constants                  Find numbers that should be extracted as a declaration…      =pgilad
gulp-check-file-naming-convention     A plugin for Gulp                                            =hakashun
gulp-check-unused-css                 Checks your CSS for unused classes in HTML templates         =npiccolotto
gulp-cheerio                          Manipulate HTML and XML files with Cheerio in Gulp.          =kenpowers
gulp-chitose                          gulp chitose                                                 =kawax
gulp-chmod                            Change permissions of Vinyl files                            =sindresorhus
gulp-chokidar                         Awesome Gulp Watcher                                         =trysound
gulp-chown                            Change ownership of Vinyl files                              =sindresorhus
gulp-chrome-manifest                  usemin for chrome manifest.json                              =magnifismail
gulp-chug                             Run external gulpfiles as part of a gulp task inside…        =robatron
gulp-cirru-html                       Gulp plugin compiling Cirru-HTML to HTML                     =jiyinyiyong
gulp-cirru-script                     Gulp plugin of CirruScript compiler                          =jiyinyiyong
gulp-civet
gulp-cjs                                                                                           =netroy =bwindels
gulp-cjsx                             'Coffee-react module for GulpJs'                             =mtscout6
gulp-class-prefix                     Add a class prefix to further sandbox CSS styling for…       =johno
gulp-clean                            A gulp plugin for removing files and folders.                =petervilja
gulp-clean-css                        Minify files with CleanCSS                                   =radmen
gulp-clean-dest                       A gulp plugin for removing files from the dest directory…    =clark800
gulp-clean-old                        A gulp plugin for removing files and folders.                =ground5hark
gulp-clean-sketch                     Cleanup Sketch SVG files                                     =ooflorent
gulp-clean-ts-extends                 In compiled TypeScript files remove all __extends…           =rauluranga
gulp-cleancss                         Gulp task to minify CSS styles with clean-css                =mgcrea
gulp-cleanhtml                        Removes unneeded whitespaces, line-breaks, comments, etc…    =hemanth
gulp-cli                              The streaming build system                                   =fractal =phated
gulp-clientappcompile                 Gulp tasks for compiling all js into one single file. Based… =arron
gulp-clientjade                       Compile Client Jade templates                                =antonded
gulp-clip-empty-files                 Clip empty files from stream.                                =nahody
gulp-clipboard                        A gulp plugin to copy the content of your file to the…       =duivvv
gulp-clone                            Clone files in memory in a gulp stream                       =mariocasciaro
gulp-closure                          Closure Compiler for gulp and other vinyl streams            =terinjokes
gulp-closure-compiler                 Gulp plugin for Google Closure Compiler                      =sindresorhus…
gulp-closure-compiler-old             Gulp plugin for Google Closure Compiler                      =ground5hark
gulp-closure-compiler-service         Gulp plugin to the Google Closure compiler service           =gavinhungry
gulp-closure-deps                     A gulp.js port of Google Closure library depswriter.py       =steida
gulp-closure-dicontainer              DI Container for Google Closure with automatic registration… =steida
gulp-closurecompiler                  The ClosureCompiler.js Gulp Task                             =julianxhokaxhiu
gulp-closurizer                       A gulp plugin for the Google Closure Compiler                =wolfendale
gulp-cloudfiles                       A plugin for Gulp that uploads files to rackspace cloudfiles =pieceoftoast
gulp-cloudflare                       A plugin for Gulp                                            =miteshsondhi
gulp-cloudfront                       > Updates the Default Root Object of a CloudFront…           =smysnk
gulp-cmd-cct                          ported from grunt-cmd-cct                                    =blune68
gulp-cmd-concat                       ported from grunt-cmd-concat                                 =bentz
gulp-cmd-nice                         another cmd transport for gulp                               =magicsky…
gulp-cmd-transport                    ported from grunt-cmd-transpor.                              =bentz
gulp-cmd-trs                          ported from gulp-cmd-trs.                                    =blune68
gulp-coco                             Compile coco to JavaScript with gulp                         =stevelacy
gulp-cocostudio-unusedtextures                                                                     =dengzhao
gulp-cod                              gulp plugin for cod                                          =namuol
gulp-code
gulp-codeception                      PHP Codeception plugin for Gulp                              =codedungeon
gulp-codetrack                        codeTrack gulp plugin                                        =kunhualqk
gulp-coffee                           Compile CoffeeScript files                                   =fractal
gulp-coffee-istanbul                  Istanbul coffee and js unit test coverage plugin for gulp.   =duereg
gulp-coffee-react                     Compile CoffeeScript & React files                           =cheft
gulp-coffee-react-transform           gulp coffee react transform                                  =markwithers
gulp-coffee2closure                   gulp plugin fixing CoffeeScript compiled output for Google…  =steida
gulp-coffeeify                        Gulp task for browserify with coffee-script.                 =nariyu
gulp-coffeekup                        CoffeeKup plugin for gulp                                    =kmtr
gulp-coffeelint                       Lint your CoffeeScript using gulp and CoffeeLint             =janraasch
gulp-coffeelint-threshold             A GulpJS plugin to catch the output from gulp-coffeelint…    =adam-lynch
gulp-cog                              Builds a list of includes in a similar way to snockets or…   =coen-hyde
gulp-cola                             ColaScript compiler plugin for Gulp.                         =dangreen
gulp-collate                          Take all files from gulp.src, collate/rename all files to…   =oliver.foster
gulp-collections                      [![Build…                                                    =alexsomeoddpilot
gulp-colorguard                       Keep a watchful eye on your css colors.                      =pgilad
gulp-combine-media-queries            Combine matching media queries into one media query…         =konitter
gulp-combine-mq                       Gulp plugin for node-combine-mq                              =spacedawwwg…
gulp-combo                            html scripts, links combo for gulp                           =paulguo
gulp-command                          Use Commander-CLI options in Gulp for passing Command line…  =joelcoxokc
gulp-command-task                     Execute command line processes from a gulp task (have it…    =seanpkps
gulp-comment-debug                    comment-debug plugin for gulp                                =turing
gulp-common                           Gulp common                                                  =gideonairex
gulp-common-wrap                      Add commonjs wrapper                                         =retrofox
gulp-commonjs                         Wrap files with a commonjs wrapper                           =chraz
gulp-commonjs-wrap
gulp-compass                          Compile Compass files                                        =appleboy
gulp-compass-compile                  gulp-compass-compile ====================                    =noyobo
gulp-compass-imagehelper              gulp plugin for providing the compass imagehelper functions… =phlppschrr
gulp-compassn                         Compile Compass to CSS using compass-node                    =miniflycn
gulp-compile                          Gulp filter for compiling templates into JS source code.     =komputerwiz
gulp-compile-handlebars               Compile Handlebars templates to file - gulp plugin           =kaanon
gulp-compile-js                       Gulp plugin to compile a file into a JavaScript…             =kmalakoff
gulp-complexity                       A JavaScript complexity analysis gulp task                   =alexeyraspopov
gulp-component                        Component build plugin for Gulp                              =yyx990803
gulp-component-assembler              gulp-component-assembler is a gulp plug-in that assembles…   =collinsmg
gulp-component-build                  gulp plugin for build component.                             =hrsh7th
gulp-component-builder                component build plugin for gulp                              =ooflorent
gulp-component-helper                 A way to help ensure the common tasks are consistent across… =peter-mouland
gulp-component-loader                 Loads files defined in component.json an pipes them into…    =philjs
gulp-component-resolver               A gulp plugin to pipe files resolved from a component.json   =frankwallis
gulp-component-updater                Gulp-friendly module to auto add/delete files in your…       =yyx990803
gulp-composer                         Install composer packages                                    =cyberdummy
gulp-compressor                       A gulp plugin for compressor(minify) html,js and css.        =steel1990
gulp-concat                           Concatenates files                                           =fractal
gulp-concat-callback                  Concatenates files                                           =ekino
gulp-concat-coffee
gulp-concat-css                       Concatenate css files, rebasing urls and inlining @import    =mariocasciaro
gulp-concat-filenames                 Similar to concat, but creates a file with a list of…        =the_simian
gulp-concat-json                      A plugin for Gulp to combine several JSON files              =itrulia
gulp-concat-json2                     Concatenates JSON files                                      =oliver.foster
gulp-concat-json2js                   Concat JS files from a JSON array                            =xethron
gulp-concat-limit                     Concatenates files into as few files as possible without…    =adam-lynch
gulp-concat-po                        A plugin for .po files concatenation                         =justblackbird
gulp-concat-script                    Parses js files, finds `document.write('<script…             =wenzhixin
gulp-concat-sourcemap                 Concatenate files and generate a source map file             =mikach
gulp-concat-sourcemap-bom             Concatenate files and generate a source map file. Remove BOM =cwmacdon
gulp-concat-srcmapster
gulp-concat-util                      Gulp task to concat, prepend, append or transform files      =mgcrea
gulp-concat-vendor                    Concatenates external libraries installed by Bower and…      =patrickpietens
gulp-cond                             Ternary operator for Gulp.                                   =nfroidure
gulp-confidence                       a gulp plugin for confidenceJS                               =kingles
gulp-config                           Provides Grunt like config support to gulp                   =indieisaconcept
gulp-config-checker                   Checks a given config file against a config template for…    =thomastuts
gulp-config-sync                      Synchronize version, name, description, keywords... in each… =danlevan
gulp-confirm                          Abort or continue the tasks flow according to an answer to…  =anseki
gulp-conflict                         Check if files in stream conflict with those in target dir,… =joakimbeng
gulp-conkitty                         Compile Conkitty Templates                                   =hoho
gulp-connect                          Gulp plugin to run a webserver (with LiveReload)             =avevlad
gulp-connect-multi                    A fork of gulp-connect with multiple servers support         =rifat
gulp-connect-php                      Starts a php server                                          =micahblu
gulp-consolidate                      Template engine consolidation for gulp                       =timrwood
gulp-consolidate-render               A library for compiling and rendering via Consolidate.js     =alexsomeoddpilot
gulp-content-cache                    Gulp plugin that caches the result of heavy operations       =mogstad
gulp-content-includer                 include files                                                =qinjia
gulp-continuous-concat                Continuously concatenates files (makes gulp-watch useful…    =davewasmer
gulp-contribs                         Give your open-source contributors some credit -…            =shakyshane
gulp-conventional-changelog
gulp-convert                          Gulp plugin to convert to or from JSON, YAML, XML, PLIST or… =doowb
gulp-convert-encoding                 Convert files from one encoding to another using iconv-lite. =heldinz
gulp-converter-tjs                    Converts new type of OpenCV HaarCascade xml data to…         =cirocosta
gulp-cookbook                         A collection of frequently used gulp recipes grouped into a… =klaascuvelier
gulp-cooker                           a internal build tool                                        =exolution
gulp-copy                             Plugin copying files to a new destination and using that…    =janrywang
gulp-copy-ext                         copy                                                         =tianzhiqing
gulp-copyright                                                                                     =gdi2290
gulp-cordova-bump                     Bump cordova package version                                 =michaeltaylor3d
gulp-cordovacli                       Wraps a web application as a hybrid app with Apache Cordova… =rcsole
gulp-cortex-handlebars-compiler       Gulp task builder for cortex-handlebars-compiler             =kael
gulp-cortex-html-sauce                gulp task for cortex-html-sauce                              =villadora
gulp-cortex-jade-mixins               Common jade mixins for cortex projects.                      =kael
gulp-count                            count files in vinyl streams                                 =giladgray
gulp-coverage                         Instrument and generate code coverage independent of test…   =dylanb
gulp-coverage_output                  Instrument and generate code coverage independent of test…   =glenn.abrahamsen
gulp-coveralls                        Gulp plugin to submit code coverage to Coveralls             =markdalgleish
gulp-cram                             Assemble resources using cujoJS cram                         =bclozel
gulp-crash-sound                      Play a WAV or MP3 when gulp crashes                          =zacbarton
gulp-crass                            Css optimize                                                 =cobaimelan
gulp-crc32                            gulp-crc32                                                   =tree.xie
gulp-crx                              Packe Chrome Extension in the pipeline.                      =evanxd
gulp-crystal                          gulp tools for crystal build                                 =youngjay
gulp-cs-helper                        A module to demonstrate a typical Coffeescript gulp…         =greghart
gulp-cslint                           gulp plugin for eslint your coffee-script source             =geta6
gulp-cson                             Parse cson with gulp                                         =stevelacy
gulp-cson-safe                        Parse cson with gulp                                         =drampelt
gulp-css                              Minify css with clean-css.                                   =karoo
gulp-css-base64                       Gulp's task for transform all resources found in a CSS into… =zckrs
gulp-css-cache-bust                   Add query to CSS for cache buster.                           =minodisk
gulp-css-combo                        > Lorem ipsum                                                =daxingplay
gulp-css-condense                     A gulp plugin for the CSS compressor that shows no mercy.    =beneb
gulp-css-description                                                                               =qingo
gulp-css-file2base64                  Gulp plugin. Adds a function file2base64 in css.             =liderman
gulp-css-flip                         A CSS BiDi flipper gulpjs plugin based on css-flip package   =itaymesh
gulp-css-flipper                      Gulp plugin for Twitter's css-flip - a CSS BiDi flipper      =bobnisco
gulp-css-globbing                     A Gulp plugin for globbing CSS @import statements            =jsahlen
gulp-css-grayscale                    Grayscale for css                                            =tomekf
gulp-css-image                        A plugin for Gulp                                            =lexich
gulp-css-image-dimensions             image-height and image-width functions for CSS               =kaesetoast
gulp-css-inline-images                A wrapper to use css-inline-images in the Gulp task runner   =driebit
gulp-css-purge                        Purges duplicate CSS rules. Based on…                        =ajkochanowicz
gulp-css-rebase-urls                  Rebase relative image URLs                                   =kimjoar
gulp-css-rework-url                   rework css font and img url                                  =itbeihe
gulp-css-scss                         Gulp plugin for converting CSS to Scss.                      =johno
gulp-css-sprite                       CSS Sprite with spritesmith                                  =minodisk
gulp-css-spriter                      Sprite Sheet Generation from CSS source files. The best and… =mlm
gulp-css-statistics                                                                                =jxnblk
gulp-css-str2base64                   Gulp plugin. Adds a function str2base64 in css.              =liderman
gulp-css-target                       Gulp helpers for Toolkit…                                    =snugug
gulp-css-url                          CSS Sprite with spritesmith                                  =minodisk
gulp-css-url-adjuster                 Adjust urls inside css                                       =relaxation
gulp-css-url-versioner                A gulp plugin for versioning the CSS property: url           =jansanchez
gulp-css-urlversion                   A plugin for gulp.js to inline an md5-based version of…      =gothy
gulp-css-validator                    Gulp port of the node css-validator plugin                   =mgmeyers
gulp-css-whitespace                   Converts white-space significant CSS to normal CSS           =rschmukler
gulp-css2js                           Convert CSS into JavaScript. Works with buffers and streams. =fidian
gulp-cssabsoluteurl                   ?css?????????????                              =yangruting          2014-09-24 0.0
gulp-cssbeautify                      Reindent and reformat CSS                                    =jonkemp
gulp-csscomb                          CSScomb is a coding style formatter for CSS.                 =koistya
gulp-csscomb-lint                     Lint CSS coding style with CSScomb                           =matmuchrapna
gulp-csscss                           gulp plugin for running csscss                               =morishitter
gulp-csscssfont64
gulp-cssfont64                        Encode base64 data from font-files and store the result in…  =247even
gulp-cssimg                           handle background images for css                             =sorrycc
gulp-cssimport                        Parses css files, finds `@import` directive and includes…    =iamthes
gulp-cssjoin                          Extend and join css @import loaded file                      =suisho
gulp-csslint                          CSSLint plugin for gulp                                      =lazd
gulp-csslint-filereporter             File reporter for the gulp-csslint module                    =defoil
gulp-csslint-report                   Glup plugin to generate HTML report from the csslint results =cackharot
gulp-csslint-sourcemap-reporter       Console reporter adjusting error location by source map for… =orgachem
gulp-csslint-teamcity                 TeamCity Reporter for gulp-csslint                           =chunkysamurai
gulp-cssmin                           minify css using gulp                                        =chilijung
gulp-cssnext                          Use tomorrow's CSS syntax, today, using cssnext via Gulp     =bloodyowl =moox
gulp-csso                             Minify CSS with CSSO.                                        =beneb
gulp-csso-fix-in-csso215              Minify CSS with CSSO.                                        =marimax
gulp-cssretarget                      Retarget relative CSS URLs during asset rebasing.            =soncodi
gulp-cssshrink                        Run CSS through cssshrink                                    =torrottum
gulp-cssstats                         Gulp plugin for CSS Stats                                    =jxnblk
gulp-csstojs                          Compiles CSS files into JS that can be loaded on demand via… =dzearing
gulp-cssurl                           A plugin to systematically replace URLs in CSS code          =alexandref93
gulp-cssurl-rev                       gulp task to rewirte urls inside stylesheet width reversion  =calledt
gulp-csv2json                         csv to json using gulp                                       =chilijung
gulp-ctags                            ctags plugin for gulp                                        =daylilyfield
gulp-cubebox                                                                                       =xhowhy
gulp-cucumber                         Gulp task for running cucumber.js features                   =vgamula
gulp-cwebp                            Convert JPG and PNG images to WebP with gulp task.           =1000ch
gulp-dalek                            Run Dalek tests                                              =mattcreager
gulp-dart2js
gulp-data                             Generate a data object from a variety of sources: json,…     =colynb
gulp-data-json                        Loads JSON data from companion files and stores it in…       =kflorence
gulp-data-matter                      Extracts front-matter from files and stores it in file.data  =kflorence
gulp-data-module                      Wrap any JS value into an ES6 module. The gulp way.          =tomekwi
gulp-data-uri                         convert imgs from css to datauri                             =versoul
gulp-data-uri-stream                  gulp streaming module to convert generic input to a data uri =wittnl
gulp-david                            David plugin for Gulp.js, the streaming build system.        =cedx
gulp-db                               Manage databases with gulp                                   =mmalov
gulp-debug                            Debug vinyl file streams                                     =sindresorhus
gulp-declare                          Safely declare namespaces and set their properties           =lazd
gulp-decompress                       Extract TAR, TAR.BZ2, TAR.GZ and ZIP archives                =kevva
gulp-decorate-index                   decorate-index plugin for Gulp                               =matsutakefungus
gulp-dedupe                           Check for duplicates in the stream and filter them or throw… =hoho
gulp-defeatureify                     Remove specially flagged feature blocks and debug…           =jas
gulp-define-module                    gulp.js plugin for creating modules                          =wbyoung
gulp-defs                             Gulp plugin for static scope analysis and transpilation of…  =efrafa
gulp-deleted                          The gulp plugin `gulp-deleted` allows you to remove files…   =oliver.foster
gulp-delta                            Only pass through changed files by comparing buffer contents =stolksdorf
gulp-dependency-visualizer            Gulp plugin for js-dependency-visualizer                     =1000ch
gulp-deploy-azure-cdn                 Gulp plugin for uploading files to Azure Blob Storage        =bestander
gulp-deporder                         Reorder by dependencies                                      =mkleehammer
gulp-deps                             Get the complete list of a files dependencies                =ashaffer88
gulp-deps-order                       Sorts files in stream by dependencies using @requires…       =nevyk
gulp-derequire                        A Gulp plugin to apply derequire to target Buffer/Stream     =twada
gulp-dereserve                        gulp plugin to replace ES3 reserved keyword indentifiers     =teppeis
gulp-dest                             Gulp plugin for easily defining destination paths.           =jonschlinkert
gulp-dev                              Toggle html comments so that you can enable functionality…   =ryannolson
gulp-develop-server                   run node.js server and automatically restart for your…       =narirou
gulp-developerconsole                 A Gulp plugin that injects a console presenting test…        =elifa
gulp-devtools                         Gulp integration with Chrome Dev Tools                       =niki4810
gulp-diff                             Show diffs for files in the stream against those in a…       =diff_sky
gulp-digest-versioning                Property merge                                               =webyom
gulp-dir-sync                         Synchronizing directories plugin for Gulp.                   =nariyu
gulp-dir2module                       Creates a single browserify/commonjs module that includes…   =mquinnv
gulp-directive-replace                A gulp task to replace templateUrl by html template          =brunobertolini
gulp-directory-map                    Convert a buffer of files into a JSON representation of the… =masondesu
gulp-directory-sync                   A gulp plugin to sync 2 directories which actually works.    =peteward44
gulp-distributor                      Plugin for creating various distributions of a package       =michaelherndon
gulp-dmd                              gulp plugin for dwarf build                                  =miniflycn
gulp-do                               Directory-based, promisified task management for Gulp        =acdlite
gulp-docco                            A docco plugin for Gulp                                      =dmp
gulp-document-write                   Merge script file by document.write                          =javey
gulp-dogen                            a fast & easy scaffold cli for any development (based on…    =orizens
gulp-doggy                            New gulp-jsdoc modified by myself                            =kevinkuang
gulp-dom                              Gulp plugin for generic DOM manipulation                     =trygve
gulp-dom-src                          Create a gulp stream from script/link tags in an HTML file.  =cgross
gulp-domly                            DOMly plugin for gulp                                        =lazd
gulp-dot                              Gulp plugin to ompile doT.js templates.                      =vohof
gulp-dot-precompiler                  Gulp plugins for precompilation of doT template engine.      =kentliau
gulp-dot2cjs                          A gulp plugin which precompiles doT templates to CommonJS…   =jacquesw
gulp-dotdot                           Gulp plugin for transforming foo..bar(...) notation to…      =bahmutov
gulp-dotify                           Gulp plugin for precompilation of doT templates.             =titarenko
gulp-dotjs-packer                     Dotjs packer for Gulp.js                                     =xquezme
gulp-dotjsify                         Gulp plugin to preompile doT.js templates                    =sergey.shpak
gulp-dotnet-assembly-info             Gulp plugin for editing .NET assembly info files.            =hcoverlambda
gulp-download                         Gulp plugin for downloading files via http/https.            =metrime
gulp-download-atom-shell              gulp plugin to download atom-shell                           =ronn
gulp-dox                              A plugin for Gulp                                            =cobaimelan
gulp-dox-foundation                   Gulp plugin to transform js to dox-foundation html.          =tracker1
gulp-doxdox                           Provides Doxdox support for gulp                             =simplyianm
gulp-doxx                             Doxx documentation generator for gulp                        =filipovsky
gulp-drafts                           Gulp plugin for skipping files marked as drafts.             =jonschlinkert
gulp-dss                              A plugin for Gulp to generate UI documentation with DSS…     =jaysoo
gulp-dss-extra                        gulp plug-in to parse DSS with extra annotations             =paulwib
gulp-dum-tpl                          A gulp plugin wrapping the DUM templating library.           =koglerjs
gulp-dummy-json                       Creates dummy test json data from dummy-json templates…      =jsbuzz
gulp-duo                              Gulp plugin to run duo                                       =sergeyt
gulp-duojs                            > compile duojs                                              =yelo
gulp-durandal                         A gulp plugin for building durandaljs projects.              =danikenan =vzaidman
gulp-duration                         Track the duration of parts of your gulp tasks               =hughsk
gulp-dust                             Precompile Dust templates                                    =sindresorhus
gulp-dust-compile-render              A gulp task to compile and render dust templates based on a… =cellarise
gulp-dust-html                        Render dust templates in HTML                                =framp
gulp-dust-render                      Render Dust templates.                                       =popham
gulp-dustin                           Gulp plugin for dustin                                       =tunderdomb
gulp-dwebp                            Convert WebP images to PNG with gulp task.                   =1000ch
gulp-dynamic                          A plugin to import fragmented files within other             =alexandref93
gulp-dynamo                           Helps you generate your gulp.js file, so you can…            =tcarlsen
gulp-easy-ui-component                Let's easy create UI Component.                              =maplejan
gulp-eco                              Precompile ECO templates into JavaScript                     =fluxsaas
gulp-eco-template                     Render eco templates within gulp tasks                       =macario
gulp-ect                              Gulp plugin to compile ect.js template engine.               =avevlad
gulp-ect-compile                      Gulp plugin to compile ect.js templates.                     =fluxsaas
gulp-ect-compiler
gulp-ect-simple                       Gulp plugin to compile ect.js template engine.               =muniere
gulp-edit                             Edit files with gulp                                         =fritx =simevidas
gulp-edit-xml                         Gulp plugin for editing xml files                            =vkbansal
gulp-ejs                              A plugin for Gulp that parses ejs template files             =rogeriopvl
gulp-ejs-precompiler                  A plugin for gulp that precompiles ejs templates             =churpeau
gulp-ejs-template                     Precompile EJS templates to a JS file.                       =zensh
gulp-elasticsearch-indexer            Index json documents in Elastic Search with Gulp             =josiah
gulp-elixir-cssmin                    Elixir minify css extensions                                 =jeffreyvdb
gulp-elm                              elm compiler for Gulp                                        =philopon
gulp-email                            A gulp plugin to send emails with or without attachments…    =jansanchez
gulp-email-marketing-helper           A Gulp task for generating HTML with inline CSS(compiled…    =thelinuxlich
gulp-embedlr                          A gulp plugin for embedding a livereload snippet into html…  =mollerse
gulp-ember-emblem                     Gulp task for Emblem.js templates with Ember                 =wbyoung
gulp-ember-handlebars                 Ember Handlebars plugin for gulp                             =jonbuffington
gulp-ember-handlebarz                 Ember Handlebars plugin for gulp                             =toranb
gulp-ember-order                      Reorder a stream of files based on their ember dependencies. =s1985
gulp-ember-rocks-traceur              A Gulp plugin. Compile ES6 script on the fly using…          =alexferreira
gulp-ember-template-compiler          A gulp plugin that precompiles Handlebars templates for…     =gaucs
gulp-ember-templates                  Gulp plugin for compiling emberjs templates                  =swelham
gulp-emblem                           Emblem.js plugin for gulp                                    =silvinci
gulp-empty                            Gulp task that does not do something                         =garfieldius
gulp-encrypt                          A simple gulp plugin to encrypt files                        =charliedowler
gulp-enhanced-vulcanize               gulp enhanced vulcanize                                      =limingv5
gulp-entity-convert                   Converts Unicode characters to HTML and CSS entities         =louh
gulp-env                              Add env vars from a .env file to your process.env            =russmatney
gulp-enyo-builder                     build enyo applications and components with gulpjs           =dmikeyanderson
gulp-eol                              Replace or append EOL end of file                            =fritx
gulp-es3ify                           Gulp plugin to convert ES5 syntax to be ES3-compatible       =jussi-kalliokoski
gulp-es6-module-bundler               Compiles your ES6 modules into one single bundle             =fesor
gulp-es6-module-jstransform           Transpile ES6 modules to CommonJS with…                      =schnittstabil
gulp-es6-module-to-closure            compile ES6 import/export to goog.require/goog.provide       =jinjor
gulp-es6-module-transpiler            Gulp plugin for the ES6 Module Transpiler                    =ryanseddon
gulp-es6-node-module                  A gulp wrapper for the es6-node-module library, intended to… =christyharagan
gulp-es6-transpiler                   Transpile ES6 to ES5                                         =sindresorhus
gulp-es6mt                            Gulp plugin for the ES6 Module Transpiler                    =rkusa
gulp-es6to5                           Transpile ES6 code to ES5 without runtime                    =churpeau
gulp-escodegen                        Generate JS from ASTs w/ escodegen                           =dtao
gulp-escomplex                        Code complexity module for Gulp using escomplex              =jerrysievert
gulp-escomplex-reporter-html          HTML Reporter for gulp-escomplex                             =jerrysievert
gulp-escomplex-reporter-json          JSON Reporter for gulp-escomplex                             =jerrysievert
gulp-esformatter                      Beautify JavaScript code with esformatter                    =sindresorhus
gulp-eslint                           A gulp plugin for processing files with eslint               =adametry =shinnn
gulp-esmangle                         gulp plugin for esmangle minifying task                      =constellation
gulp-esnext                           Transform next-generation JavaScript to today's JavaScript   =sindresorhus
gulp-esperanto                        Gulp plugin to transpile ES6 module syntax with esperanto    =attamusc
gulp-espiler
gulp-espower                          A gulp plugin for power-assert                               =twada
gulp-esprima                          Parse JS to ASTs w/ esprima                                  =dtao
gulp-estarify                         es-tar plugin for gulp                                       =nbqx
gulp-este                             Gulp tasks for Este.js                                       =steida
gulp-every-todo
gulp-evil-icons                       Gulp plugin to use Evil Icons in your project                =outpunk
gulp-example-to-test                  Turn code examples into testcases.                           =jasperwoudenberg
gulp-exec                             exec plugin for gulp                                         =robrich
gulp-execsyncs                        gulp plugin for execSync                                     =yosuke-furukawa
gulp-exemplary                        Turn code examples into testcases.                           =jasperwoudenberg
gulp-exif                             Extract EXIF data from photographs                           =shimon
gulp-exit                             Terminates gulp task.                                        =dreame4
gulp-expand-template-url              Expand the template url of your angular templates            =guzart
gulp-expand-url                       Expands a url inside a file using the file relative path.    =guzart
gulp-expect-file                      Expect files in pipes for gulp.js                            =kotas
gulp-express                          gulp plugin for express, connect                             =yucc2008
gulp-express-serice                   Express development and debugging, restart it                =colee
gulp-express-service                  Express development and debugging, restart it                =colee
gulp-express2                         gulp plugin for express                                      =caiguanhao
gulp-ext                              > File extension utility                                     =floatdrop
gulp-ext-replace                      Small gulp plugin to change a file's extension               =tjeastmond
gulp-extend                           A gulp plugin to extend (merge) JSON contents                =adamayres
gulp-extname                          gulp plugin to dynamically rewrite dest extensions based on… =jonschlinkert
gulp-extra
gulp-extract-sourcemap                Gulp Task to strips an inline source into its own file and…  =shonny.ua
gulp-fabricate                        A gulp plugin for fabricating pages.                         =lukeaskew
gulp-factor-bundle                    a gulp plugin help you use factor-bundle                     =undozen
gulp-faster-browserify                Faster browserify builds with dependency caching             =robrichard
gulp-favicons                         Favicons generator for Gulp                                  =haydenbleasel
gulp-fb                               gulp-fb =======                                              =jare
gulp-fcsh                             A gulp plugin for fcsh                                       =youpy
gulp-fest                             Gulp plugin for fest templates compiling                     =dmitrydorofeev
gulp-fest-hardcore                    js, lua, Xslate templator                                    =ikuznetsov
gulp-fight-riot                       Riot compiler                                                =kysonic
gulp-file                             Create vinyl files from a string or buffer and insert into…  =amingoia
gulp-file-activity                    Display activity of gulp streams as they are passed around   =rnijveld
gulp-file-builder                     Replace custom tokens with the content of a file.            =fuzzysockets
gulp-file-cache                       gulp plugin. Create a cache that filter files in your…       =pgherveou
gulp-file-concat                      cancat css/js                                                =johnqing
gulp-file-contents-to-json            Slurp in some files, output a JSON representation of their…  =briangonzalez
gulp-file-copy                        copy file                                                    =johnqing
gulp-file-include                     a gulp plugin for file include                               =coderhaoxin
gulp-file-includer                    A file include plugin for gulp                               =pictela
gulp-file-insert                      Replace custom tokens by files content                       =jbdemonte
gulp-file-list
gulp-file-parser                      easier way to parse file with gulp                           =gyson
gulp-file-to-js                       Gulp plugin to convert a file into a JavaScript…             =coswind
gulp-file-tree                        A gulp plugin for amalgamating a stream of files into a…     =iamcdonald
gulp-file-wrapper                     A gulp plugin to wrap file content within another            =irregular
gulp-file2js                          Convert files to JavaScript modules                          =ooflorent
gulp-file2json                        Parses file names of a specific format into a JSON file      =qingo
gulp-filelist                         Convert list of file paths in current stream to a JSON file. =cjroth
gulp-filelog                          A gulp plugin that logs out the file names in the stream.…   =adamayres
gulp-filename-hint                    Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit,…   =caiogondim
gulp-filename-media-query             Wrap CSS files with media queries indicated by their names   =taig
gulp-filenames                        Register every filename that has passed through              =johnydays
gulp-files-to-json                    *A really shitty gulp plugin to read a bunch of files and…   =iest
gulp-filesinstream                    A plugin, which prints current files in stream into console… =maxgrass
gulp-filesize                         Logs filesizes in human readable Strings                     =metrime
gulp-filetree                         Compute file tree and add as property                        =wires
gulp-filter                           Filter files in a vinyl stream                               =sindresorhus
gulp-filter-by                        Filter files by checking the file itself                     =dualcyclone
gulp-filter-java-properties           Gulp wrapper for the filter-java-properties Node pacakge     =samolsen
gulp-finder                           A plugin for Gulp                                            =joelcoxokc
gulp-finger                           Gulp plugin for writing files fingerprints                   =arnaud00
gulp-fingerprint                      Rename assets with fingerprinted assets                      =vincentmac
gulp-fix-sourcemap-file               Fix file property in file.sourceMap                          =churpeau
gulp-fix-windows-source-maps          Converts path delimiters in embedded source maps built with… =smrq
gulp-fixmyjs                          A plugin for Gulp                                            =kcherkashin
gulp-fixtures2js                      Convert your fixtures into a JS object for use in tests.     =jussi-kalliokoski
gulp-flashcc-createjs-dataurl         Converted to DataURL, the images of manifest in output from… =dameleon
gulp-flatten                          remove or replace relative path for files                    =armed
gulp-flatten-requires                 Flattens relative require('./path/<module>') calls to…       =insin
gulp-flex-svg                         flex-svg plugin for gulp                                     =shinnn
gulp-flow                             (in progress) A plugin for Gulp that provides a workflow to… =nicolab
gulp-flowtype                         Run Facebook's Flow in your gulp pipeline                    =charliedowler
gulp-fn                               gulp-fn - gulp plugin used in order to run a custom function =thierry.spetebroot
gulp-fncallback                       gulp-fncallback =============                                =itgalaxy
gulp-folder
gulp-folders                          Gulp plugin that lets you work with folders and treat them…  =hakubo
gulp-fontcustom                       A gulp plugin to generate icon fonts with Fontcustom from…   =johanbrook
gulp-fontgen                          Generator of browser fonts and css from ttf or otf files     =agentk
gulp-fontozzi                         An easy way to use Google Fonts in your app                  =basharov
gulp-footer                           Gulp extension to add footer to file(s) in the pipeline.     =tracker1
gulp-for-compass                      gulp plugin for compass                                      =neekey
gulp-foreach                          Send each file in a stream down its own stream               =mariusgundersen
gulp-foxy-less                        Dependency driven stream extender for gulp-less tasks.       =mhoyer
gulp-framework-dep                    dynamic framework bower dependencies injections              =enricolucia
gulp-frau-publisher                   Utility for publishing free-range apps and libraries to our… =d2l-travis-deploy
gulp-freeze                           Adds md5 checksum to file names                              =just-boris
gulp-freeze-resources                 A resource freezer plugin for gulp                           =nyakto
gulp-frep                             A find and replace utility, using Frep. Replace strings or…  =jonschlinkert
gulp-front-matter                     Extract front-matter header from files                       =naholyr =shinnn
gulp-frontnote                        StyleGuide Generator for Gulp                                =frontainer
gulp-fsharp                           A Gulp plugin for calling F# scripts                         =mollerse
gulp-ftp                              Upload files to an FTP-server                                =sindresorhus
gulp-ftp-env                          gulp pulgin for changing environment                         =viwayne
gulp-funnel                           Join streams into an array                                   =mikkolehtinen
gulp-ga                               Inject google analytics into html with Gulp (gulpjs.com)     =zhhz
gulp-gather                           gulp plugin to gather files to filename/contents json…       =otiai10
gulp-gather-template                  gather template into a .js file                              =magicdawn
gulp-generate-bower-json              gulp plugin for generate-bower-json                          =sventschui
gulp-generator                                                                                     =xhowhy
gulp-geojson                          convert multipule file format to geojson.                    =chilijung
gulp-gh-pages                         Gulp plugin to publish to Github pages (gh-pages branch).    =rowoot
gulp-gh-pages-ci-compatible           Gulp plugin to publish to Github pages (gh-pages branch).    =markmiro
gulp-gist                             Gulp plugin to update snippets from source to Gist.          =eloisant
gulp-git                              Git plugin for gulp (gulpjs.com)                             =stevelacy
gulp-git-extras                       Provides git-extra bindings.                                 =eljefederodeodelje…
gulp-git-pages                        Gulp plugin to publish to Github pages (gh-pages branch).    =necoleyu
gulp-git-sha                          Append the git sha of the HEAD commit to various file types  =tjkrusinski
gulp-gitcafe-pages
gulp-github                           A gulp plugin to pipe contents to github pull request…       =zordius
gulp-gitinfo                          Plug to fetch git information about local repository         =optimus-king
gulp-gitmodified                      A plugin for Gulp to get an object stream of modified files… =mikaelb
gulp-gitshasuffix                     A plugin for Gulp to suffix files with latest commit sha.    =mikaelb
gulp-gitversion                       gulp plugin for appending git-version                        =blackbing
gulp-gjslint                          Gulp task for running gjslint, the Google Closure linter.    =tomseldon
gulp-glob-html                        Add globbing to your HTML                                    =gevgeny
gulp-glob-replace                     Inject glob(s) into an existing file stream                  =snapwich
gulp-gm                               Image manipulation with GraphicsMagick for gulp.             =normanrz
gulp-gm-limit                         Limit image sizes with gulp-gm.                              =jsdevel
gulp-gobin                            Convert any file into managable Go source code (like…        =dong
gulp-gold                             Custom Gulp pack                                             =ikeagold
gulp-google-cdn                       Replaces script references with Google CDN ones              =sindresorhus
gulp-gorender                         Golang text.Template renderer                                =localvoid
gulp-gorilla                          Compile gorillascript files                                  =unc0
gulp-gotohead                         Put into the HEAD CSS or JavaScript codes.                   =belchior
gulp-gray-matter                      Extract gray-matter header from files.                       =jakwings
gulp-grep                             A gulp plugin for filtering stream objects matching certain… =demisx
gulp-grep-stream                      A gulp file stream filtering plugin for Gulp                 =floatdrop
gulp-groc                             A simple gulp plug-in to generate a project's documentation… =iamdenny
gulp-group-aggregate                  a group and aggregate plugin for gulp (and other streams)    =amitport
gulp-group-concat                     Concats groups of files into a smaller number of files       =danestuckel
gulp-group-css-media-queries          CSS postprocessing: group media queries. Useful for…         =avaly
gulp-group-files                      A gulp plugin for grouping files via an object for further…  =vkbansal
gulp-grunt                            Run grunt tasks from gulp                                    =gratimax
gulp-gsub                             gsub file content with Gulp (gulpjs.com)                     =zhhz
gulp-gulp                             A gulp plugin to run other gulps.                            =oskarjakiela
gulp-gunzip                           Uncompress gzip files in your gulp build pipeline            =jmerrifield
gulp-gzip                             Gzip plugin for gulp.                                        =jstuckey
gulp-gzip2
gulp-haml                             Gulp plugin for haml                                         =stevelacy
gulp-haml-coffee                      Gulp plugin for haml-coffee                                  =saschagehlich
gulp-haml-sass                        Fast bootstraping for the web stack: sass, haml and js.      =edravis
gulp-haml-templates                   Gulp plugin wich provides compiling coffee-haml templates…   =sbd
gulp-hamlet-compile                   Compile hamlet templates (see:…                              =purge
gulp-hammerdown                       Gulp plugin for using hammerdown(streaming html to markdown… =tjchaplin
gulp-handlebars                       Handlebars plugin for gulp                                   =lazd
gulp-handlebars-compiler              Gulp plugin to precompile Handlebars.js templates with same… =pasangsherpa
gulp-handlebars-html                  Gulp plugin to compile handlebars templates to html          =framp
gulp-handlebars-michael               Handlebars plugin for Gulp                                   =michaelch
gulp-handlebars-render                Renders handlebars templates                                 =markhuge
gulp-has                              gulp has plugin                                              =jeffrose
gulp-hash                             A gulp plugin for cachebusting files by adding a hash to…    =mivir
gulp-hash-creator                     gulp hash creator for files and string                       =wxwdesign
gulp-hash-filename                    gulp-hash-filename is a gulp plug-in that adds a hash to…    =collinsmg
gulp-hash-manifest                    Creates a manifest of file paths and their hash.             =drk
gulp-hash-references                  Replaces references (paths) to files according to the…       =mivir
gulp-hash-src                         Add hashes to links in HTML/CSS                              =nmrugg
gulp-hashmap                          Create a JSON file of file hashes                            =litek
gulp-hashspace                        gulp-hashspace ====================                          =ariatemplates
gulp-hashsum                          Generate a checksum file (like shasum, md5sum, ...).         =remko
gulp-haste                            Gulp plugin for the Haskell to JS compiler                   =vzaccaria
gulp-hb                               A sane Handlebars Gulp plugin.                               =shannonmoeller
gulp-hbs
gulp-hbs-import                       Handlebars "import" helper plugin for gulp                   =zbinlin
gulp-head-picker                      gulp plugin to extract heading elements from HTML string.    =lost_and_found
gulp-header                           Gulp extension to add header to file(s) in the pipeline.     =tracker1
gulp-header-footer-gen                create html pages using a template's header and footer.      =born4code
gulp-headerfooter                     A gulp plugin for adding headers and footers to your files   =garrows
gulp-help                             Adds a default help task to gulp and provides the ability…   =chmontgomery
gulp-helper                           gulp helper                                                  =phi
gulp-helptext                         pretty helptext for your gulp tasks                          =potch
gulp-heroku-deploy-slug               Deploy slug archives to Heroku                               =matthewwithanm
gulp-hexsquare                        Gulp plugin to conver hex textures to square                 =dnbard
gulp-hexuglify                        Minification plugin for Gulp                                 =katienazarova
gulp-highlight                        ## Install                                                   =johannestroeger
gulp-hint-not                         Gulp plugin for removing jshint comment directives from…     =ifandelse
gulp-hjson                            Convert Hjson and JSON for gulp                              =laktak
gulp-hogan                            gulp plugin to compile mustache templates                    =hemanth
gulp-hogan-compile                    A gulp plugin to compile mustache HTML templates to…         =paulwib
gulp-hoganify                         Turn templates into html with partials using hogan           =mattstyles
gulp-hologram                         Generate Hologram style guides with Gulp                     =rejah
gulp-hsp-compiler                     gulp-hsp-compiler =================                          =ariatemplates
gulp-hsp-transpiler                   gulp-hsp-transpiler ====================                     =ariatemplates
gulp-htmin                            Minify HTML via gulp                                         =nmrugg
gulp-html                             gulp plugin for HTML validation, using vnu.jar               =watilde
gulp-html-autoprefixer                Gulp plugin to Autoprefix all CSS inside an html page - CSS… =motdotla
gulp-html-bindify                     gulp-html-bindify                                            =riim
gulp-html-compile                     A small gulp plugin to compile your static html into…        =datuhealth
gulp-html-extend                      Make it easy to extend html                                  =frankfang
gulp-html-extract                     Extract HTML text in your gulp pipeline.                     =ryan.roemer
gulp-html-extract-x                   Extract HTML text in your gulp pipeline. But for realz this… =cbleslie
gulp-html-file-to-directory           For prettier URLs foo/bar.html -> foo/bar/index.html         =brian-c
gulp-html-glob-expansion              Expands glob expressions in HTML resource URLs.              =wilsonjackson
gulp-html-i18n                        Html i18n                                                    =webyom
gulp-html-include                     HTML include generator for static assets, e.g., foo.min.js…  =derekpeterson
gulp-html-js-template                 Gulp task that converts a html file with template…           =lernetz-mich
gulp-html-minifier                    Minify HTML with html-minifier.                              =chazelton…
gulp-html-optimizer                   Optimize html files.                                         =webyom
gulp-html-prettify                    HTML Prettify Plugin for Gulp                                =colynb
gulp-html-rebuild                     Rebuild html with htmlparser2.                               =minodisk
gulp-html-rebuilder
gulp-html-remove                      Cleans out HTML nodes by CSS selectors or attributes.        =gevgeny
gulp-html-replace                     Replace build blocks in HTML. Like useref but done right.    =vfk
gulp-html-src                         Gulp plugin to accept HTML input, and output the linked…     =davegb3
gulp-html-ssi                         Gulp plugin for building HTML files into each other. Made…   =thesly
gulp-html-tag-include                 Gulp plugin for building HTML files into each other          =dissolve
gulp-html-to-json                     Automatically generate angularjs file for templateCache.…    =johnturingan
gulp-html-validator                   Validate html with w3.org                                    =hoobdeebla
gulp-html2jade                        gulp plugin to covert HTML to Jade format.                   =hemanth
gulp-html2js                          Gulp plugin for converting AngularJS templates to JavaScript =fraserxu
gulp-html2jsobject                    Convert HTML files to a single javascript object             =zverev
gulp-html2jsx                         Converts HTML to JSX for use with React                      =hemanth
gulp-html2kissy                       transform html templates to kissy module.                    =taojie
gulp-html2md                          Removes unneeded whitespaces, line-breaks, comments, etc…    =hemanth
gulp-html2pdf                         Export HTML files to PDF                                     =igor_zoriy
gulp-html2react                       compile html to react syntax                                 =ocowchun
gulp-html2string                      Converts static HTML templates to JavaScript strings.        =settinghead
gulp-html2tpl                         Convert HTML files into a JS object containing pre-compiled… =tjeastmond
gulp-html2txt                         gulp plugin to convert html to text                          =hemanth
gulp-htmlbars                         To compile htmlbars templates for Ember App or handlebars…   =mattma
gulp-htmlbuild                        Extract content from html documents and replace by build…    =janpotoms
gulp-htmlclean                        Simple and lightweight cleaner that just removes…            =anseki
gulp-htmlflattenassets                gulp plugin for flatten assets in html                       =sorrycc
gulp-htmlgroup                        gulp plugin for handle group in html                         =sorrycc
gulp-htmlhint                         A plugin for Gulp                                            =bezoerb
gulp-htmlimg                          handle images for html                                       =sorrycc
gulp-htmlincluder                     Gulp plugin for building HTML files into each other. Made…   =interneterik
gulp-htmlinline                       inline script and link for html                              =sorrycc
gulp-htmlmin                          gulp plugin to minify HTML.                                  =jonschlinkert…
gulp-htmlone                          combo js & css assests to html doc                           =hongru
gulp-htmlparser                       parse html into js objects with gulp                         =stevelacy
gulp-htmlprocessor                    Process html files at build time to modify them depending…   =nesk
gulp-htmlrefs                         Replaces references of js/css/img to rev version filenames…  =rehorn
gulp-htmltidy                         Node Wrapper for HTML Tidy                                   =cobaimelan
gulp-htmltojade                       Convert html pages to jade templates                         =serhey.shmyg
gulp-hub                              A gulp plugin to run tasks from multiple gulpfiles           =frankwallis
gulp-humans                           Humans.txt generator for Gulp                                =haydenbleasel
gulp-huxley                           Gulp task for node-huxley.                                   =wombleton
gulp-huxley-runner
gulp-i18n-swig                                                                                     =romaric
gulp-i5ting-toc                       gulp-i5ting-toc: a gulp task wrapper of i5ting_ztree_toc…    =i5ting
gulp-iced                             Compile Iced CoffeeScript files                              =stathat
gulp-iced-coffee                      Compile IcedCoffeeScript files                               =undozen
gulp-iconfont                         Create icon fonts from several SVG icons                     =nfroidure
gulp-iconfont-css                     Generate (S)CSS file for icon font created with Gulp         =backflip
gulp-iconfontforweb                   Create icon fonts from several SVG icons                     =leeqqiang
gulp-iconify                          'A mystical CSS icon solution', grunticon-like build system. =gavro
gulp-iconv                            gulp-iconv ==========                                        =minodisk
gulp-iconv-lite                       Iconv Lite                                                   =fiuza
gulp-identity                         A gulp plugin that does nothing. Passes the stream/files…    =soplakanets
gulp-if                               Conditionally run a task                                     =robrich
gulp-if-else                          [Gulp plugin] Conditional task with "if" callback and…       =nicolab
gulp-iftp                             ftp deploy file into server                                  =roninliu
gulp-ignore                           Include or exclude gulp files from the stream based on a…    =robrich
gulp-ignore-errors                    Ignore all your javascript errors                            =jemyoung
gulp-imacss                           A gulp plugin for using imacss (the image to datauri to CSS… =akoenig
gulp-image                            Optimize PNG, JPG, GIF, SVG images with gulp task.           =1000ch
gulp-image-data-uri                   Converts images to inline data URIs                          =adam-lynch
gulp-image-diff                       Image diff'ing tool that compares pixel by pixel.            =mlm
gulp-image-embed                      A gulp task for converting images inside a stylesheet to…    =anhulife
gulp-image-grayscale                  Grayscale for images                                         =tomekf
gulp-image-optimization               Minify PNG, JPEG and GIF images. this is based on…           =firetix
gulp-image-preload                    image preload for gulp                                       =lexich
gulp-image-resize                     Resizing images made easy.                                   =normanrz
gulp-image-set                        Gulp plugin to add future-proofed support for W3C-style…     =johno
gulp-image2cssref                     A gulp plugin that takes a bunch of image files and creates… =akoenig
gulp-imageisux                        ??gulp??                                                 =tqtan               2014
gulp-imagemin                         Minify PNG, JPEG, GIF and SVG images                         =sindresorhus =kevva
gulp-imageoptim
gulp-imerge                           CSS sprite tool using gulp.                                  =javey
gulp-img-change-version               replace version for images in css files when images is…      =flftfqwxf
gulp-img64                            Convert and replace image-files within your DOM/HTML to…     =247even
gulp-imgsizefix                       Fix the IMG tags size (width and height) attributes.         =atuyl
gulp-import                           gulp.import('PKGNAME/FILENAME')                              =nak2k
gulp-import-css                       Import several css files into a single file, one by one,…    =yuguo
gulp-importjs                         Allow @import rules in jsrc files. Files should be relative… =ronniesan
gulp-imports                          Gulp plugin for importing/including files                    =ifandelse
gulp-inc                              Inject file contents with an include tag and compile using…  =danioso
gulp-incbuild                         inc build tools                                              =yleo77
gulp-include                          Makes inclusion of files a breeze. Enables functionality…    =wiledal
gulp-include-file                     Include the contents of a file in javascript as a string.    =rnijveld
gulp-include-helper                   Helps you include your assets in html or templates file.     =claud
gulp-include-js                       Plugin for Gulp to includes JavaScript files                 =litiws
gulp-include-more                     gulp plugin to concatenate js files with Sprockets…          =beatak
gulp-include-source                   Include scripts and styles into your HTML files…             =gil
gulp-include-templated                gulp-include with a template preprocessor                    =relaxation
gulp-includer                         A plugin for Gulp                                            =timrwood
gulp-indent                           Indent piped files                                           =johnydays
gulp-index-builder
gulp-index-creation                   Gulp plugin which creates index.js files                     =rektide
gulp-init
gulp-initial-cleaning                 Remove folders before starting tasks                         =lucm
gulp-inject                           A javascript, stylesheet and webcomponent injection plugin…  =joakimbeng
gulp-inject-file                      Gulp plugin for injecting files into another files.          =mzahor
gulp-inject-reload                    Injects a Live Reload script into your files                 =schmicko
gulp-inject-string                    Inject snippets in build                                     =schmicko
gulp-inject-svg                       A plugin for Gulp                                            =donsindrom
gulp-injector                         Inject code into file                                        =jiren
gulp-inline                           Inline styles and scripts into an html file.                 =ashaffer88
gulp-inline-angular-templates         Inline angular templates into an HTML file                   =wmluke
gulp-inline-assets                    Gulp plugin for inlining CSS assets                          =gustavohenke
gulp-inline-base64                    Convert assets to inline datauri, ideal to integrate small…  =g33klabs
gulp-inline-css                       Inline linked css in an html file. Useful for emails.        =jonkemp
gulp-inline-file                      gulp inline file                                             =jfengjiang
gulp-inline-imgurl                    modify the image url which is inline in the dom              =rubyless
gulp-inline-resize                    define your image sizes in your code, not your build file    =danielberndt
gulp-inline-source                    Inline flagged js & css sources.                             =fmal
gulp-inline-style                     replace link tags with inline style tags                     =npmfisher
gulp-inlining-node-require            A plugin for Gulp                                            =azu
gulp-insert                           Append or Prepend a string with gulp                         =rschmukler…
gulp-install                          Automatically install npm and bower packages if…             =joakimbeng
gulp-instrument                       Gulp plugin for instrumenting code using jscoverage (or…     =amingoia
gulp-intercept                        Intercept Gulp streams and take full control of the content. =khilnani
gulp-intermediate                     A gulp helper for tools that need files on disk.             =robwierzbowski
gulp-inuit                            A plugin for Gulp                                            =brian.lai
gulp-istanbul                         Istanbul unit test coverage plugin for gulp.                 =sboudrias
gulp-istanbul-custom-reports          Forked from SBoudrias/gulp-Istanbul - Istanbul unit test…    =cellarise
gulp-istanbul-enforcer                Plugin for gulp that enforces coverage thresholds from…      =iainjmitchell
gulp-istanbul-report                  write istanbul coverage reports from pre-collected coverage… =willembult
gulp-j140                             Compile j140 templates. Gulp plugin for j140 - Javascript…   =tunnckocore
gulp-jade                             Compile Jade templates                                       =phated
gulp-jade-commonjs
gulp-jade-exports                     takes all the `exports` blocks from the given jade files to… =bloodyowl
gulp-jade-find-affected               Find affected files when changing jade files that are…       =teltploek
gulp-jade-fn
gulp-jade-inheritance                 Rebuild only changed jade files and all it dependencies      =juanfran
gulp-jade-jst-concat                  Compiles Jade templates into a commonjs module containing…   =gunderson
gulp-jade-php                         compile jade php                                             =oroce
gulp-jade-react
gulp-jade-script                      Turn file names in stream into jade script directives        =oliversalzburg
gulp-jade-stylesheet                  Turn file names in stream into jade link directives          =oliversalzburg
gulp-jade-template                    gulp plugin for jade template                                =jigsaw
gulp-jade-usemin                      Gulp plugin for running usemin on Jade files                 =gdi2290…
gulp-jade2                            Compile Jade templates. Ouput extension can be HTML or…      =mariust
gulp-jade2php                         jade2php plugin for gulp. This is a temporary solution. For… =franzskuffka
gulp-jaded                            Compile Jaded files with gulp (gulpjs.com)                   =stevelacy
gulp-jasmine                          Run Jasmine tests                                            =sindresorhus
gulp-jasmine-node
gulp-jasmine-phantom                  Jasmine 2.0 suite runner, optionally with PhantomJS          =dflynn15
gulp-jasmine2-phantomjs               Run Jasmine tests with PhantomJS                             =sandermak
gulp-javascript-stylus-sprite         Sprites with stylus & spritesmith                            =iliakan
gulp-javascriptobfuscator             Obfuscate JavasScript via javascriptobfuscator.com. Please…  =tangkhaiphuong
gulp-jedi                             Gulp plugin for jedi lang                                    =nonamesheep
gulp-jekyll                           Compile Jekyll sites with Gulp.                              =dannygarcia
gulp-jeml                             ## Usage ```js var gulp = require('gulp'); var jeml =…       =gyson
gulp-jemplate                         Compile Template Toolkit templates to JavaScript             =forestbelton
gulp-jessy
gulp-jest                             Gulp plugin for running your Jest tests                      =dakuan
gulp-jimp                             A Gulp friendly version of Jimp                              =antoinejaussoin
gulp-jison                            Jison plugin for gulp                                        =matteckert
gulp-jison-cli                        A Jison command line plugin for Gulp                         =malcomwu
gulp-jison-lex                        Jison-lex plugin for gulp                                    =danilo-valente
gulp-jisp                             gulp plugin to compile jisp                                  =mitranim
gulp-job                              Wrap compiled Gulp templates and bind them to an object      =mattyod
gulp-joycss                           gulp-joycss for joycss which generate css sprite             =weekeight
gulp-jquery                           Gulp plugin for generating custom jQuery builds from source. =chipersoft
gulp-jquery-closure                   Enclose the content with jQuery definition and more          =jbdemonte
gulp-js-beaut                         Gulp plugin for asset beautification using node js-beautify  =zeroedin
gulp-js-beautify                      JS-Beautify Plugin for Gulp                                  =rangle
gulp-js-escape                        Gulp plugin to turn a file into a JavaScript escaped string  =mrdaniellewis
gulp-js-include                                                                                    =platdesign
gulp-js-inline                        Inline text files in javascript                              =saalaa
gulp-js-prettify                      Prettify, format, beautify JavaScript.                       =mackers
gulp-js-wrapper                       gulp-js-wrapper ===============                              =josephclay
gulp-js1k                             Gulp plugin for minifying and verifying for js1k             =dunxrion
gulp-js2coffee                        gulp plugin to convert js to coffee                          =hemanth
gulp-jsbeautifier                     jsbeautifier.org for Gulp                                    =tarunc
gulp-jsbeautify                       js-beautify plugin for gulp                                  =sorrycc
gulp-jsclosure                        Gulp Plugin that wraps your file in a configurable…          =jshcrowthe
gulp-jscodesniffer                    Gulp plugin for jscodesniffer                                =jedrichards
gulp-jscoverage                       JSCoverage instrumentation plugin for Gulp                   =yyx990803
gulp-jscpd                            Gulp plugin for the copy/paste detector jscpd                =yannickcr
gulp-jscrambler                       Obfuscate your source files using the JScrambler API.        =magalhas
gulp-jscrush                          Minify files with JSCrush                                    =vfk
gulp-jscs                             Check JavaScript code style with jscs                        =sindresorhus…
gulp-jscs-custom                      Gulp plugin for JSCS with custimizable reporter, and with…   =lourenzo
gulp-jscs-stylish                     Stylish reporter for gulp-jscs                               =gonsfx
gulp-jsdc                             gulp-jsdc ====                                               =army8735
gulp-jsdoc                            A jsdoc plugin for Gulp                                      =dmp
gulp-jsdoc-to-markdown                gulp-jsdoc-to-markdown                                       =75lb
gulp-jsdox                            Gulp plugin for the JSDox markdown generator for JSDoc       =mrjoelkemp
gulp-jsdox-struct                     Launch jsdox-struct npm                                      =kiwapp
gulp-jsfmt                            `gulp` task for `jsfmt`                                      =brian.lai
gulp-jsfuck                           Fuck JavaScript and obfuscate it using only 6 characters…    =bevacqua
gulp-jsfy                             css to js (append link element)                              =59naga
gulp-jshint                           JSHint plugin for gulp                                       =fractal…
gulp-jshint-cache                     Gulp task for fast, cached linting                           =iliakan
gulp-jshint-cached                    A cached version of the gulp-jshint task                     =jgable
gulp-jshint-file-reporter             A simple reporter for gulp-jshint that writes it's output…   =spenceralger
gulp-jshint-html-reporter             Simple generator of HTML report for gulp-jshint that writes… =ivanvesely
gulp-jshint-instafail                 Instantly failing reporter for gulp-jshint.                  =sdepold
gulp-jshint-xml-file-reporter         A JSHint reporter to be used with gulp-jshint that will…     =lourenzo
gulp-jshtml                           Convert HTML to Javascript                                   =sw4
gulp-jsify                            Convert text files into requireable JavaScript modules…      =parroit
gulp-jsify-html-templates             Converts HTML files into JavaScript files and populates…     =craigstjean
gulp-jsincluder                       inline js files                                              =jelle.spekken
gulp-jsinspect                        A JavaScript copy-paste analysis gulp task                   =alexeyraspopov
gulp-jslint                           The classic and strict javascript lint-tool for gulp.js      =karimsa
gulp-jslint-simple                    Run JSLint analysis                                          =pandell =milang
gulp-jsmin                            minify js using gulp                                         =chilijung
gulp-json-editor                      A gulp plugin to edit JSON object                            =morou
gulp-json-explode                     Explode a JSON-encoded object. Every key becomes a new JSON… =tomekwi
gulp-json-format                      A gulp plugin to parse and format JSON in files.             =mivir
gulp-json-lint                        JSON linter Gulp plugin                                      =nawitus
gulp-json-sass                        Gulp plugin for turning JSON files into files of scss/sass…  =rbalicki
gulp-json-to-hbs-to-html              gulp-json-to-hbs-to-html ========================            =alexsomeoddpilot
gulp-json-to-less                     > My outstanding gulp plugin                                 =guipasmoi
gulp-json-transform                   A gulp plugin to transform json files, pipe json files…      =thaggie
gulp-json-wrapper                     Create javascript config from json file                      =krowten
gulp-json5                            A gulp plugin to convert JSON5 to strict JSON.               =nechtan
gulp-jsoncombine                      A plugin for Gulp to combine several JSON files using a…     =reflog
gulp-jsonlint                         A jsonlint plugin for Gulp                                   =rogeriopvl
gulp-jsonmin                          Minifies json files my parsing and re-stringifying it.       =englercj
gulp-jsonminify                       Minifies blocks of JSON-like content into valid JSON by…     =tcarlsen
gulp-jsrefs                           js debug/develop refs replacement plugin for gulp.           =rehorn
gulp-jsss                             Compile jsss to CSS                                          =watilde
gulp-jst                              Compile underscore templates to a JST file using gulp.       =rdm
gulp-jst-concat                       Compile underscore/lodash view templates to a single JST…    =tambourinecoder
gulp-jst2                             Compile lodash templates to a JST file using gulp; allow…    =djtregear
gulp-jst_compiler                     Compile jst templates using gulp.                            =hcodes
gulp-jstemplate-compile               jstemplate compile plugin for gulp                           =rehorn
gulp-jstemplater                      Compiles all templates into one js variable.                 =maxmert
gulp-jstransform                      gulp plugin to transform ES6 to ES5                          =hemanth
gulp-jsvalidate                       Validate JavaScript code and report possible syntax errors   =sindresorhus
gulp-jswrap                           Wraps every function in the try-catch statement              =grimalschi
gulp-jsx                              Transpile JSX in gulp streams.                               =amingoia
gulp-jsx-coverage                     Enable coverage on .JSX or .coffee files.                    =zordius
gulp-jsx2                             Transpile JSX in gulp streams.                               =sorrycc
gulp-jsxcs                            Check JSX code style with JSCS                               =agschwender
gulp-jsxhint                          gulp plugin, wrapper for jsxhint                             =andrewzey
gulp-jsxify                           gulp plugin to convert html files to react jsx               =parroit
gulp-jsxtransform                     gulp jsx transform plugin                                    =cookfront
gulp-jszip                            gulp-jszip is a packaged all of the following files in the…  =roninliu
gulp-juice                            process html files through juice to inline CSS               =imlucas
gulp-juicepress                       Gulp plugin for building static blog using juicepress        =garfieldius
gulp-juicer                           gulp for juicer                                              =xhowhy
gulp-just-replace                     A gulp plugin only to do string.replace().                   =caiguanhao
gulp-karma                            Karma plugin for gulp                                        =lazd
gulp-kclean                           kclean gulp plugin                                           =taojie
gulp-kd-pistachio-compiler            pistachio compiler for KD's own templates                    =sinan
gulp-kdf-pistachio                    Gulp task for compiling JS files with pistachio strings      =usirin =sinan
gulp-kissy-html2js                    KISSY html2js                                                =6174
gulp-kissy-xtemplate                  > Lorem ipsum                                                =daxingplay
gulp-kit                              Integrates node-kit with gulp to compile .kit files          =lukx
gulp-kmc                              kissy module compiler for gulp                               =taojie =daxingplay
gulp-kmd                              kissy module compiler with gulp                              =weekeight
gulp-kmd2                                                                                          =taojie
gulp-kmt                              kissy module compiler for gulp                               =taojie
gulp-komponent
gulp-kpc                              kpc plugin for gulp                                          =maxbbn
gulp-kraken                           Gulp plugin to optimize all your images with the powerful…   =matylla
gulp-kss                              Gulp plugin for KSS (Knyle Style Sheets) documentation…      =philjs
gulp-kss-robloach                     Gulp plugin for KSS (Knyle Style Sheets) documentation…      =robloach
gulp-kulerthemes                      Gulpfile for kulerthemes                                     =luanvuvt
gulp-l10n-extract                     Extract localization calls from Code.                        =mythmon
gulp-lab                              Gulp test runner for Lab                                     =otodockal
gulp-laravel                          Gulp implementation for Laravel                              =jeffreyvdb
gulp-laravel-autoprefixer             Autoprefixer plugin for gulp-laravel                         =jeffreyvdb
gulp-laravel-validator                Generate PHP validations from short and concise…             =ernestoalejo
gulp-layoutize                        Render contents of input files through a templating engine…  =rowoot
gulp-lb-include                       Gulp plugin for `#include`-ing HTML files inside other HTML… =jffry
gulp-lego                             gulp plugin for cmd transport                                =herbertliu
gulp-less                             Less for Gulp                                                =ccowan =fractal
gulp-less-dependents                  Collect dependents of less files                             =tarao
gulp-less-sourcemap                   Less for Gulp with source map generation support             =radist2s
gulp-less-templates                   Less with templates for Gulp                                 =relaxation
gulp-less-to-scss                     A gulp plugin convert less to scss                           =steelydylan
gulp-less-variables                   Gulp plugin to create an index of variables within all…      =jessezhang91
gulp-lex-parser                       Lex-parser plugin for gulp                                   =danilo-valente
gulp-license                          Add licenses to gulp streams.                                =terinjokes
gulp-license-find
gulp-license-finder                   Find licenses of project and dependencies                    =iandotkelly
gulp-lightmin                         Remove whitespaces and comments.                             =crock
gulp-limit-complexity                 Limit complexity in JavaScript projects by failing build if… =danestuckel
gulp-linker                           Autoinsert script tags in an html file                       =filipsobczak
gulp-lintspaces                       gulp-lintspaces ===============                              =cknoetschke
gulp-liquid                           A gulp plugin to parse liquid template                       =rowoot
gulp-liquify                          Render Liquid templates in Gulp using TinyLiquid             =fchasen
gulp-literature                       Write literate code in markdown, use gulp-literature to…     =andreaspizsa
gulp-litmus                           Send email tests to Litmus                                   =jeremypeter
gulp-livecss                          Gulp module for stream new css to browser and delete…        =wwwsevolod
gulp-liver                            Livereload for gulp                                          =yunghwakwon
gulp-livereload                       Gulp plugin for livereload.                                  =vohof
gulp-livereload-fixed-tiny-lr
gulp-livereload-for-was               Live reload for WAS as gulp plugin.                          =iamdenny
gulp-livescript                       Compile LiveScript to JavaScript for Gulp                    =tomchentw
gulp-livingstyleguide                 Easily create living style guides with Markdown, Sass/SCSS…  =medialwerk…
gulp-ljs                              Literate Javascript Gulp plugin.                             =dmonad
gulp-lmd                              gulp lmd plugin                                              =ikuznetsov
gulp-load                             Load gulp task just like grunt.loadTasks.                    =popomore
gulp-load-params                      Load gulp task just like grunt.loadTasks and pass…           =cellarise
gulp-load-plugins                     Automatically load any gulp plugins in your package.json     =jackfranklin
gulp-load-tasks                       Task loader for Gulp                                         =rummik
gulp-load-utils                       Conveniently wrapped utility functions for working with gulp =dskrepps
gulp-loader                           Gulp plugin that wraps gulp and loads tasks as seperate…     =call-a3
gulp-loadfile                         add loadfile to gulp                                         =fa113n
gulp-loadsome                         Replaces references of loadso.me into their downloaded and…  =eikaramba
gulp-local-screenshots                Make the screenshots of your static html files using…        =efrafa
gulp-localization                     gulp plugin for localization static pages using the template =notary
gulp-localize                         Create localized copies of your .html files using YAML…      =martinodf
gulp-lodash-jst                       gulp plugin that compiles lodash templates                   =aita
gulp-lodash-template                  gulp plugin compile lodash template to a function            =jarvisjiang
gulp-log                              log helper for gulp                                          =raistlin916
gulp-log-capture                      captures logs from any other gulp plugin in the pipe         =sloosch
gulp-logger                           Gulp plugin for logging stream stages, transformation and…   =chrisgreeff
gulp-logwarn                          A plugin that check if you left debug code                   =pmcalabrese
gulp-loopback-sdk-angular             gulp plugin for auto-generating Angular $resource services…  =zimlin =bajtos…
gulp-lr-snippet                       Gulp plugin to insert a Live Reload snippet (and remove it)  =callumlocke
gulp-lsn-angular-file-sorter          Sortowanie plikow angulara przy wstrzykiwaniu do index       =pitisec
gulp-lsn-ng-templates                 Build all of your angular templates in just one js file…     =pitisec
gulp-luamin                           luamin for Gulp                                              =noobsarepeople2
gulp-lyonesse                         Convert Lyonesse files to Scss and/or Js from Gulp           =ulflander
gulp-m2df                             Multiple Module Definition Formatter                         =ringz
gulp-macros                           sweetjs macros for gulp                                      =schtoeffel
gulp-magix-simple
gulp-mail                             Send mails with gulp                                         =fritx
gulp-mailgun                          Send emails though mailgun as part of your build             =davidturner
gulp-make-css-url-version             replace version for images in css files                      =qinjia
gulp-manifest                         Generate HTML5 Cache Manifest files                          =hillmanov
gulp-manifest-hash                    generate manifest using gulp                                 =chirag04
gulp-map                              (A)synchronous mapping and filtering of object streams       =wires
gulp-markdown                         Markdown to HTML                                             =sindresorhus
gulp-markdown-code
gulp-markdown-code-blocks             Gulp task for running markdown-code-blocks.                  =sdepold
gulp-markdown-docs                    Parse markdown into an navigable HTML document with themed…  =sojournerc
gulp-markdown-livereload              Markdown to HTML                                             =i5ting
gulp-markdown-pdf                     Markdown to PDF                                              =sindresorhus
gulp-markdown-to-json                 Parse Markdown + YAML, compile Markdown to HTML, wrap it…    =pushred
gulp-markdox                          Generate Markdown documentation with markdox                 =gberger
gulp-marked                           Convert markdown to html with marked.                        =t8g
gulp-marked-man                       A gulp plugin that converts markdown files to man pages.     =jsdevel
gulp-markup-transformer               Transform source with markup-transformer.                    =manse
gulp-match                            Does a vinyl file match a condition?                         =robrich
gulp-mathmode                         Turns LaTeX math expressions into images.                    =marapper
gulp-mau                              Mau plugin for gulp.                                         =kunhualqk
gulp-maven-deploy                     Simple gulp plugin for the maven-deploy module               =leftiefriele…
gulp-mc-inline-css                    Gulp plugin to send HTML to Mail Chimp's Inline CSS API      =jayzawrotny
gulp-mc-inliner                       Gulp plugin for inlining CSS throught MailChimps Inliner API =derekborland
gulp-mcss                             mini css                                                     =tianzhiqing
gulp-md5                              add md5 to filename                                          =raistlin916
gulp-md5-assets                       md5 the static file and change the names in the quoted…      =stipsan
gulp-md5-plus                         md5 the static file and change the names in the quoted html  =wpfpizicai
gulp-md5json                          > My badass gulp plugin                                      =guipasmoi
gulp-mdox                             Convert and insert Markdown from JavaScript sources          =ryan.roemer
gulp-mdpick
gulp-mdvars                           Extract VarStream metadatas from markdown files.             =nfroidure
gulp-mediawiki                        Upload files as pages to a MediaWiki instance                =maxkueng
gulp-melchior                         Gulp plugin for Melchior.js modules optimization             =dnbard
gulp-menu                             A plugin for Gulp                                            =iamdenny
gulp-merge                            Merge multiple streams into one stream in order.             =zensh
gulp-merge-fragment                   merge-fragment plugin for Gulp                               =matsutakefungus
gulp-messageformat                    Gulp plugin for messageformat                                =microx
gulp-messageformat-bundle             Compile a JSON tree of messages with messageformat.js.       =tomekwi
gulp-mew-template                     Precompile template file to a cmd module with gulp           =l3au
gulp-micro                            Ensure your micro-lib stays micro                            =sindresorhus
gulp-micro-template
gulp-micro-templates                  gulp plugin for `micro-template` by John Resig               =otiai10
gulp-min                              ??js,css,??                                              =yangruting          2014
gulp-min-map                          gulp plugin for CSS/JS minification mapping using HTML5…     =jrnewell
gulp-mincer                           Gulp Plugin for Mincer                                       =jisaacks
gulp-minerr-strip                     Strips minErr error messages from your build.                =llwt
gulp-mini-css                         ????css?gulp??(??clean-css)                       =minghe              2014-10-31
gulp-minifier                         Minify HTML, JS, CSS with html-minifier, UglifyJS, CleanCSS. =webyom
gulp-minify                           > Minify JavaScript with UglifyJS2.                          =taojie
gulp-minify-css                       Minify css with clean-css.                                   =jonathanepollack
gulp-minify-html                      Minify html with minimize.                                   =jonathanepollack
gulp-minify-inline                    Gulp plugin to uglify inline JS and minify inline CSS        =shkuznetsov
gulp-minify-inline-scripts            minify inline scripts in html files                          =qinjia
gulp-minify-template-inline           It is a gulp plugin to uglify & inline underscore template…  =kaven
gulp-minisprites                      Converts multiple images into a single spritesheet.          =ripe
gulp-mirror                           Make a mirror of stream, it's useful that do different…      =popomore
gulp-mixotroph                        short-learning-curve text-based preprocessing                =nathanross
gulp-mjs                              Compiles Metascript files.                                   =bamboo
gulp-mjs-conventions                  Gulp build conventions for projects using metascript         =mmassi
gulp-mkdirp                           mkdirp plugin for gulp                                       =evandarwin
gulp-mkit                             Gulp task for maxmertkit framework package manager           =maxmert
gulp-mm                               web rebuild dev tool                                         =jfengjiang
gulp-mobilizer                        Mobilizer task for Gulp                                      =mcasimir
gulp-mocha                            Run Mocha tests                                              =sindresorhus
gulp-mocha-browserify-suite           Generates a suite file for Mocha on the fly from a gulp.src… =tarsolya
gulp-mocha-browserify-sweet           Generates a suite file from gulp.src glob on the fly for…    =toranb =computmaxer
gulp-mocha-co                         Run Mocha tests with co generators                           =rafinskipg
gulp-mocha-phantomjs                  run client-side Mocha tests with PhantomJS                   =mrhooray
gulp-mocha-selenium                   Run Selenium tests with wd and Mocha                         =wookiehangover
gulp-mocha-tdd                        easy test driven development with gulp and mocha             =jhudson
gulp-mock                             Just mock data for test.                                     =danilo_shan
gulp-modernizr                        Gulp wrapper for custom Modernizr builds                     =metalshark
gulp-modified                         Passthrough only changed files                               =anru
gulp-modify                           Modify the content of vinyl files with custom callback…      =medialwerk…
gulp-modou-packager                   a gulp plugin can package modou plugin source files into…    =howard.zuo
gulp-module-builder                   Concatenate files in manifesto                               =boxersb
gulp-module-requirejs                 Builds projects using require.js's optimizer for multiple…   =weisuke
gulp-module-system                    Gulp plugin to combine files into a module system. Great…    =kmalakoff
gulp-module-wrapper                   Process files to create modules.                             =ziflex
gulp-modulex                          compile, concat and generate dependencies of modulex modules =yiminghe
gulp-modulize                         Makes working with modulized Gulpfiles in subdirectories a…  =ssboisen
gulp-modulizr                         Build custom Modernizr with gulp                             =maxbublik
gulp-mongobackup
gulp-mongoose-scenario                Gulp wrapper for mongoose-scenario                           =hash-bang
gulp-monic                            Using Monic with Gulp.                                       =kobezzza
gulp-more-css                         Minify CSS using more-css & gulp.                            =beneb
gulp-mox                              Gulp plugin for using mox( A markdown javascript…            =tjchaplin
gulp-mq-remove                        Remove all media queries, inlining a default one.            =kjv
gulp-msbuild                          msbuild plugin for gulp. Inspired by grunt-msbuild.          =h0ff1
gulp-msx                              Precompiles Mithril views which use MSX into JavaScript      =insin
gulp-msx-logic                        Gulp plugin for adding flow logic to Mithril msx templates.… =eddyystop
gulp-mt2amd                           Convert micro template into AMD module.                      =webyom
gulp-multi-extend                     A gulp plugin to extend multiple JSON files                  =tjokimie
gulp-multi-renderer                   plugin to render contents using various template engines.    =lost_and_found
gulp-multi-tab                        ?tab                                                        =hordeliu            2
gulp-multimarkdown                    MultiMarkdown to HTML                                        =jjlharrison
gulp-multinject                       Inject scripts, stylesheets and more into templates and…     =mariocasciaro
gulp-mustache                         A plugin for Gulp that renders mustache templates into html  =rogeriopvl
gulp-mustache-plus                    A plugin for Gulp that renders mustache templates            =jbdemonte
gulp-mutuo                            the plugin to help UI Engineer Conversion @Nx images for…    =roninliu
gulp-mux                              A gulp utility for registering and running tasks based on…   =thaiat
gulp-mversion
gulp-mvn-deploy                       Simple gulp plugin for the maven-deploy module               =mythx
gulp-myth                             Myth - Postprocessor that polyfills CSS                      =sindresorhus
gulp-myth-css                         Gulp Myth CSS polyfill postprocessor plugin                  =worldeggplant
gulp-nar                              Create and extract nar archives                              =h2non
gulp-native2ascii                     native2ascii plugin for gulp                                 =adamme
gulp-natural-sort                     Sort stream by path name using a natural sort                =emgeee
gulp-nav                              gulp plugin to help build navigation elements                =jessaustin
gulp-nekyll                           Jekyll-like gulp build system                                =webmakersteve
gulp-nette-basepath                   Parse build blocks in Nette/Latte templates and resolves…    =quinix
gulp-neuron-builder                   Build CMD module to neuron wrapped module                    =spud
gulp-neuter                           Unifies javascript source files in the order you require     =squarewolf
gulp-newer                            Only pass through newer source files                         =tschaub
gulp-nfy                              Convert AMD modules to CommonJS modules                      =popham
gulp-ng-annotate                      Add angularjs dependency injection annotations with…         =kagami
gulp-ng-annotate-check                Checking if angular annotations are provided.                =elmccd
gulp-ng-autobootstrap                 A gulp plugin to automatically create bootstrap files for…   =maximilianschmitt
gulp-ng-channels                      All your pipe are belong to us                               =mgcrea
gulp-ng-classify                      Compile CoffeeScript classes to AngularJS modules            =carylandholt
gulp-ng-config                        AngularJS configuration generator for a module of constants  =atticoos
gulp-ng-constant                      Gulp plugin for dynamic generation of angular constant…      =guzart
gulp-ng-constant-fork                 Gulp plugin for dynamic generation of angular constant…      =andidev
gulp-ng-deporder                      Reorder by angular module dependencies                       =busata
gulp-ng-html2js                       A Gulp plugin which generates AngularJS modules, which…      =marklagendijk
gulp-ng-html2js-ext                   A Gulp plugin which generates AngularJS modules, which…      =truthatenvy
gulp-ng-inject                        Add dependencies to your main Angular.js project file…       =yagoferrer
gulp-ng-json2js                       Inspired by gulp-ng-html2js wrapper for json texture as…     =galkinrost
gulp-ng-json2translate                Inspired by grunt-json-angular-translate. Wrap json file as… =felixmosh
gulp-ng-jsoncache                     Build all of your JSON in just one js file using $jsonCache… =thalmighty
gulp-ng-scaffold                      Scaffolds Angular resources from Swagger API specifications  =liquidcowgithub
gulp-ng-template                      Precompile AngularJS templates to a JS file with…            =zensh
gulp-ng-template2js                   Gulp plugin to convert Angular HTML and Jade templates to…   =mcamac
gulp-ng-templatecache                 Gulp plugin that pre-loads HTML templates in $templateCache  =lukescott
gulp-ng-templates                     Build all of your angular templates in just one js file…     =victorqueiroz
gulp-ng-ts                            Compile TypeScript classes to AngularJS modules.             =mattduffield
gulp-ngbs-forms                       Generate forms using Angular for validations and Bootstrap…  =ernestoalejo
gulp-ngbuild                          gulp plugin for ngbuild                                      =galkinrost
gulp-ngcompile                        AngularJS assembler with dependency tracking for gulp        =ceymard
gulp-ngconcat                         The gulp plugin of easy to use concatination for Angular…    =galkinrost
gulp-ngdocs                           gulp plugin for angularjs documentation                      =nikhilmodak
gulp-nginclude                        Gulp task for embedding AngularJS ngInclude elements         =mgcrea
gulp-ngmin                            Pre-minify AngularJS apps with ngmin                         =sindresorhus
gulp-ngspec                           Hard file management for gulp projects                       =greenboxal
gulp-ngtemplate                       Gulp task to precompile AngularJS templates with…            =mgcrea
gulp-ngtemplates                      AngularJS template assembler for gulp                        =ceymard
gulp-ngtpl                            base on https://github.com/mgcrea/gulp-ngtemplate            =chrisfan
gulp-nice-package                     Opinionated package.json validator                           =chmontgomery
gulp-nico-prebuild                    gulp-nico preBuild                                           =semious
gulp-nightwatch                       gulp plugin for Nightwatch.js                                =tatsuyafw
gulp-nightwatch-headless              An almost-zero configuration Gulp plugin to run Selenium,…   =peteward44
gulp-no-media-queries                 Export mediaqueries that match provided max page width       =efrafa
gulp-nocache                          Version static assets. Clear cache of browser when you…      =javey
gulp-node-debug                       Run node-debug from your gulp build: 1. Runs…                =johanneshoppe
gulp-node-inspector                   Run node inspector from your gulp build.                     =vesparny
gulp-node-spritesheet                 Gulp plugin for node-spritesheet utility                     =ngaer
gulp-nodefy                           Convert AMD modules to CommonJS modules                      =popham
gulp-nodemon                          A gulp-friendly nodemon wrapper that restarts your app as…   =jacksongariety
gulp-noder                            gulp-noder ==========                                        =ariatemplates
gulp-nodeunit                         Gulp nodeunit runner                                         =kjv
gulp-nodeunit-runner                  A nodeunit test runner plugin for Gulp                       =baer
gulp-nop                              No operation                                                 =hoho
gulp-noprotocol                       NoProtocol's Best Practices for Gulp                         =bfanger
gulp-notify                           gulp plugin to send messages based on Vinyl Files or Errors… =mikaelb
gulp-notify-growl                     A custom notifier for gulp-notify to send messages to Growl… =yannickcr
gulp-npm
gulp-npm-script-sync                  gulp-npm-script-sync ====================                    =austinpray
gulp-nproxy                           A cli/gulp-plugin proxy tool specialized in file replacing.… =iskenhuang
gulp-nsupload                         A gulp module to upload files to netsuite given proper…      =truecloud
gulp-ntpl                                                                                          =xhowhy
gulp-nuget                            gulp nuget support to pack and push nuget packages           =mckn
gulp-nuget-mono
gulp-nuke-whitespace                  Removes the trailing whitespace at the end of each line in…  =jbenner55
gulp-nunit                            nunit test runner for gulp                                   =chriscanal
gulp-nunit-runner                     A Gulp.js plugin to facilitate the running of NUnit unit…    =keithmorris
gulp-nunjucks                         Precompile Nunjucks templates                                =sindresorhus
gulp-nunjucks-html                    Render Nunjucks templates to HTML                            =giaman
gulp-nunjucks-render                  Render Nunjucks templates                                    =carlosl
gulp-nwayo-include                    Enables functionality similar to that of snockets /…         =jblandry =leandreb
gulp-obfuscate                        Obfuscate your code.                                         =mikrofusion
gulp-obfuscator                       Obfuscate node.js projects with gulp                         =iandotkelly
gulp-obj                              Add user data to File                                        =minodisk
gulp-octet                            Compile octet templates. Gulp plugin for octet - Javascript… =tunnckocore
gulp-ondemand-server                  Gulp plugin that runs a local server that executes tasks…    =ernestoalejo
gulp-one-guide                        Gulp plugin for one-guide                                    =golyshevd
gulp-onejs-build                      Common gulp utilies to use in OneJS projects                 =bobnisco
gulp-onejs-compiler                   Compiles OneJS html templates and generates a variety of…    =dzearing
gulp-onelink                          > Parse build blocks in HTML files to combo non-optimized…   =xuyang
gulp-open                             Open files and URLs with gulp                                =stevelacy
gulp-optimizer                        gulp plugin for optimizer                                    =vinodkl =pnidem
gulp-optipng                          Lossless compression of PNG images                           =ameyp
gulp-order                            The gulp plugin `gulp-order` allows you to reorder a stream… =sirlantis
gulp-origin-stylus                    Stylus for gulp                                              =javey
gulp-oss                              A plugin for Gulp that uploads files to oss                  =chylvina
gulp-oss-up                           A gulp plugin for uploading static file to aliyun oss.       =marshalyuan
gulp-osws-moduler
gulp-osws-templates                   OSWS Templates gulp plugin                                   =opensourcewebstand…
gulp-out                              Output files with patterned output filenames                 =dylanb
gulp-outliner                         HTML Outliner for Gulp - generates a Table of Contents       =ear1grey
gulp-output                           Gulp plugin which output filenames.                          =ahsx
gulp-ozjs                             gulp plugin for ozma -- http://ozjs.org/ozma/                =kebot
gulp-p2r                              px2rem gulp plugin                                           =hongru
gulp-p4                               perforce plugin for gulp                                     =wokim
gulp-pack-run                         Run gulp tasks from json manifest                            =treeskar
gulp-packages                         gulp package management helper                               =ktty1220
gulp-packer                           Minify Javascript                                            =yanatan16
gulp-page-json                        Generates full index of all pages and pagination files in…   =allenkim
gulp-pagemaki                         gulp-pagemaki =============                                  =rhodesjason
gulp-pako                             A gulp plugin to compress (gzip, deflate) files with Pako.   =jameswyse
gulp-pancakes                         Gulp plugin for the Pancakes framework                       =jeffwhelpley
gulp-pandoc                           Pandoc plugin for gulp.                                      =gummesson
gulp-param                            Add params to your tasks                                     =schtoeffel
gulp-partial-to-script                Move the content of a partial between <script…               =dhoko
gulp-path-modifier                    Modify relative url of selected elements                     =othree
gulp-path-prefix                      Gulp plugin for prefixing paths to assets                    =ifandelse
gulp-pathmap                          Rename files with pathmap. Think of it like `sprintf` for…   =jeremyruppel
gulp-pathway                          Gulp plugin to compile javascript source directories into…   =rur
gulp-patternlint                      A generic pattern lint plugin for gulp                       =neagle
gulp-peaches                          Peaches plugin for gulp.                                     =sorrycc
gulp-peg                              Gulp plugin for compiling PEG grammars                       =lazutkin
gulp-personium                        gulp plugin for personium.io client development.             =mid0111
gulp-phantom                          phantomjs plugin for gulp                                    =cognitom
gulp-phantomcss                       Run your phantomCSS tests with Gulp.                         =dangerdan
gulp-phaser-tiled-pack                Creates a phaser asset pack file based on tiled maps         =englercj
gulp-phonegap-build                   Build phonegap app via build.phonegap.com                    =marcbuils
gulp-php
gulp-php-connect
gulp-php-connet                       Starts a php server                                          =micahblu
gulp-php2html                         A plugin for Gulp                                            =bezoerb
gulp-phpcs                            PHP Code Sniffer plugin for Gulp                             =justblackbird
gulp-phpdox                           PHPDOX plugin for Gulp                                       =nathanmac
gulp-phpspec                          PHP PHPSpec plugin for Gulp                                  =codedungeon
gulp-phpunit                          PHPUnit plugin for Gulp                                      =codedungeon
gulp-phrase                           A simple gulp plugin to download phraseapp translations in…  =danjesus
gulp-pipeconsole                      Logs any text to console                                     =kaok
gulp-pipemin                          Streamlined resource transformations configured in html.     =frizi
gulp-pipereplace                      A string replace plugin for gulp ,can use pipe as…           =kunhualqk
gulp-pistachio-compiler               Gulp plugin for pistachio compiler                           =sz
gulp-pixrem                           Pixrem plugin for gulp.                                      =gummesson
gulp-plates                           Uses flatiron plates to do DSL-free html templating          =007design
gulp-platform-overrides               A Gulp plugin for applying platform-specific manifest values =adam-lynch
gulp-plato                            Generate complexity analysis reports                         =sindresorhus…
gulp-play-usemin                      Replaces references to non-optimized scripts or stylesheets… =damiya
gulp-pleeease                         Postprocess CSS with ease.                                   =efrafa
gulp-plex-bem                         Plex bem middleware for gulp                                 =kysonic
gulp-pluck                            Pluck function for gulp file properties.                     =jon49
gulp-plug                             Plug is a Light Utility around Gulp                          =vbrajon
gulp-plugin-unofficial                An unofficial template for building Gulp plugins             =koglerjs
gulp-plumber                          Prevent pipe breaking caused by errors from gulp plugins     =floatdrop
gulp-pngmin                           Optimize PNG image plugin for Gulp.                          =nariyu
gulp-po-json                          Utility to convert PO files to JSON files with Gulp          =ulflander
gulp-po2angular                       Gulp plugin to convert .po files to JSON for use with…       =gabegorelick
gulp-po2json                          Gulp plugin to convert gettext .po files to JSON             =gabegorelick
gulp-pogo                             Compile PogoScript files                                     =dereke
gulp-polyfer                          Gulp plugin to post process Polymer CSS polyfills with…      =helder
gulp-polymports                       Generator a HTML having HTML Import links                    =ragingwind
gulp-poole                            Gulp Tasks for Mr. Poole, the Jekyll Generator               =iamcarrico
gulp-postcss                          PostCSS gulp plugin                                          =unsoundscapes
gulp-postcss-import
gulp-power-doctest                    gulp plugin for power-doctest.                               =azu
gulp-prefix                           Implementation of html-prefixer for gulp                     =007design
gulp-premailer                        A gulp module using Premailer to bring CSS styles inline…    =justin713
gulp-preprocess                       Gulp plugin to preprocess HTML, JavaScript, and other files… =jas
gulp-preprocess-mallowigi             Gulp plugin to preprocess HTML, JavaScript, and other files… =zero-chan
gulp-prettify                         Prettify, format, beautify HTML.                             =jonschlinkert…
gulp-pretty-data                      Gulp plugin to minify or prettify xml, json, css, sql        =neilcarpenter
gulp-pretty-url                       Simple gulp-rename wrapper to generate pretty URLs for files =kflorence
gulp-prettybelly                      prettybelly -----------                                      =romaric
gulp-print                            Prints names of files to the console so that you can see…    =alexgorbatchev
gulp-processhtml                      Process html files at build time to modify them as you wish  =jcastelain
gulp-production-package-json          Generates a package.json for production.                     =hugojosefson
gulp-progeny                          Gulp plugin for dependencies building                        =nonamesheep
gulp-project-template                 A gulp web app template                                      =bernardogfilho
gulp-prompt                           Add interactive console prompts to gulp                      =freyskeyd
gulp-properties                       Parse properties files into JS object                        =dragosh
gulp-property-merge                   Property merge                                               =webyom
gulp-props                            Convert Java .properties to JSON                             =crissdev
gulp-protector                        ``` var gulp = require('gulp'); var protector =…             =poying
gulp-protractor                       A helper for protactor and gulp                              =steffen…
gulp-protractor-burked                A helper for protactor and gulp forked by bullgare           =bullgare
gulp-protractor-qa                    Gulp Protractor QA warns you on the fly whether all…         =ramonvictor
gulp-prune-html                       Prune HTML based on CSS selectors                            =hemanth
gulp-pseudo-i18n                      Gulp plugin to generate pseudo translation from GNU gettext… =wp7pass
gulp-pseudoconcat-js                  Transform javascript files into <script> includes            =milanlempera
gulp-publish                          Replaces references to non-optimized scripts or stylesheets… =bornkiller
gulp-pulichomeport-prebuild           gulp-pulichomeport preBuild                                  =semious
gulp-pure-cjs                         Gulp plugin for Pure CommonJS builder                        =parroit
gulp-purescript                       Run the PureScript compiler                                  =ethul
gulp-purs
gulp-px2rem                           A gulp plugin for node-px2rem                                =ggkovacs
gulp-pxtorem                          A gulp plugin for postcss-pxtorem                            =cuth
gulp-qiniu                            Gulp task for deploying files to qiniu CDN                   =hfcorriez
gulp-query-html                       Query HTML content and replace the origin file               =othree
gulp-qunit                            Run QUnit unit tests in a headless PhantomJS instance.       =jonkemp
gulp-r                                Gulp r.js (requirejs optimizer) plugin.                      =mcharytoniuk
gulp-ractive                          Precompile ractive templates with Ractive.parse().           =maxgalbu
gulp-raml                             A gulp plugin for running raml-parse                         =johanobrink
gulp-raml2html                        A simple RAML to HTML documentation generator.               =walling
gulp-raster                           A rasterization plugin for Gulp                              =otouto
gulp-razor-emailer                    Gulp extension to parse .cshtml files and send an email…     =zettersten
gulp-razor-tmpl                       gulp pulgin for razor-tmpl .razor file                       =magicdawn
gulp-rbc-amd-update                   Update pages and widgets dependencies.                       =anaza
gulp-reacss                           Gulp plugin for adding styles from a css files to the…       =yodairish
gulp-react                            Precompile Facebook React JSX templates into JavaScript      =sindresorhus
gulp-react-bundle                     This is a JavaScript build tool that compiles our…           =thesunny
gulp-react-jade                       Compiled jade template to react                              =lamo2k123
gulp-react-nexus-style                gulp React Nexus Style ======================                =elie.rotenberg
gulp-react-rails-style                Gulp plugin to process React on Rails compiled components…   =elie.rotenberg
gulp-react-st                         Gulp plugin for react-st npm module                          =redexp
gulp-react-statics-styles             Gulp React Statics Style ========================            =elie.rotenberg
gulp-react-templates                  Gulp plugin for react-templates - Light weight templates…    =yoel-zeldes…
gulp-react-ts
gulp-reactify                         plugin for gulp to transform react jsx file                  =yiminghe
gulp-readme                           Generate a readme from templates.                            =jonschlinkert
gulp-readme-to-markdown               Convert WordPress.org readme.txt style files to GitHub…      =ahoereth
gulp-rebase                           Adjust the base directory of a gulp file                     =rschmukler
gulp-rebuild-html
gulp-recess                           Lint CSS and LESS with RECESS                                =sindresorhus
gulp-recipes                          Gulp Recipes for use on projects                             =kaanon
gulp-recursive-concat                 A gulp plugin for recursive concatenation                    =jansanchez
gulp-reduce                           Forget all other gulp-tasks. This is all you need to…        =mrtnbroder
gulp-reduce-file                      Reduce files to one single output using custom callbacks.    =mvhenten
gulp-redust                           A plugin for Gulp for compile dust templates                 =wenqer
gulp-ref-hash                         Generates a hashed name for assets concatenated using the…   =ggordan
gulp-refuseuse                        A gulp task for refuseuse                                    =panyifei
gulp-regenerator                      Transpile ES6 generator functions to ES5                     =sindresorhus
gulp-regex-replace                    Replace your code using regular expressions.                 =mikrofusion
gulp-regex-shuffler                   Use regular expressions to shuffle around text!              =thenaglecode
gulp-regexpu                          Gulp plugin that transpiles ES6 Unicode regular expressions… =mathias
gulp-rejs                             Gulp support for ReJS, a tool for concatenating JavaScript…  =kuu
gulp-release                          Bump the package version, build the project, create tag,…    =pasangsherpa
gulp-release-tasks                    gulp-release-tasks =========                                 =lfender6445
gulp-reload                           A plugin for Gulp                                            =floatdrop
gulp-reloader                         gulp plugin for devtools-reloader                            =jiyinyiyong
gulp-rem-to-px                        Convert rem units to pixels                                  =liamhegenbarth
gulp-remarkable                       Gulp plugin for Remarkable - Markdown parser done right.…    =johno
gulp-remember                         Adds previously seen files back into the stream.             =ahaurw01
gulp-remember-history                 Adds previously seen files back into the stream while…       =ornthalas…
gulp-remote-src                       Remote gulp.src                                              =dong
gulp-remove-code                      Remove sections of code from files based on conditions       =crissdev
gulp-remove-empty-lines               Remove empty lines.                                          =efrafa
gulp-remove-files                     Remove files from stream.                                    =efrafa
gulp-remove-lines                     A gulp plugin that will remove all lines that matches one…   =relekang
gulp-remove-use-strict                A plugin for Gulp                                            =azu
gulp-removelogs                       gulp plugin to remove console.logs                           =hemanth
gulp-rename                           Rename files                                                 =hparra
gulp-rename-git                       Renames a file and passes a git hash to use on the path      =gcollazo
gulp-rename2                          A gulp plugin for transforming file paths in the stream      =demisx
gulp-render                           Pre-render React components at compile time. E.g.…           =koistya
gulp-renderful                        Precompile templates to HTML with the power of Express!      =connor.peet
gulp-renvy                            A configurable gulp plugin very inspired by gulp-replace…    =pmcalabrese
gulp-replace                          A string replace plugin for gulp                             =lazd
gulp-replace-async                    Replace text using an async replacement function.            =brianreavis
gulp-replace-build-block              Replaces useref style build blocks in html with a refrences… =nlundquist
gulp-replace-line                     Replace line                                                 =minodisk
gulp-replace-path                     A string replace plugin for gulp                             =kennethlynne
gulp-replace-ref                      Replace file references in the target files                  =weisuke
gulp-replace-task                     Replace text patterns with applause.                         =outatime
gulp-replacer                         Small gulp plugin that replace input token with contents of… =avotx3
gulp-replay                           Sits in the middle of your stream and caches every file…     =ashaffer88
gulp-requi                            Gulp plugin, that makes easy assets' dependency management…  =trolev
gulp-require                          build requirejs 2.1.15                                       =lamo2k123
gulp-require-angular                  require() AngularJS modules/dependencies without having to…  =fergaldoyle
gulp-require-convert                  A plugin for Gulp                                            =nixonchris
gulp-require-list                     A gulp plugin for creating require manifests from…           =korbin
gulp-require-src                      Gulp plugin to create a file stream of required sources      =kmalakoff
gulp-require-tpl2js                   convert tpl file content to js for requirejs                 =qinjia
gulp-requirejs                        Builds projects using require.js's optimizer                 =robinthrift
gulp-requirejs-bundler                Gulp plugin: wraps gulp-requirejs, adds ability to emit…     =stevesanderson
gulp-requirejs-inline                 something about gulp                                         =hordeliu
gulp-requirejs-optimize               RequireJS optimizer plugin for gulp                          =jlouns
gulp-requirejs-optimizer              personal achieve project for requirejs optimize ---…         =bornkiller
gulp-requirejs-replace-script         A plugin for Gulp to replace RequireJS script tags when…     =jfmatt
gulp-requirejs-simple                 A gulp plugin for compiling with requirejs                   =joshje
gulp-requirejs-wrap-text              Convert plain text files to requirejs modules                =saschagehlich
gulp-requirer                         Frontend packager for gulp                                   =ooflorent
gulp-resolve-dependencies             Resolve dependency directives in assets (e.g. "@requires"…   =backflip
gulp-resolve-dependents               gulp-resolve-dependents resolve file dependents              =ryiwamoto
gulp-resolver                         Replace references to source files with references to…       =jussi-kalliokoski
gulp-resources                        Extracts js/css/less and other resources from html           =gevgeny
gulp-respond                          Send file stream into http server response.                  =orianda
gulp-responsive                       gulp responsive images                                       =mahnunchik
gulp-responsive-config                Config generator for gulp-responsive                         =mahnunchik
gulp-responsive-ie                    Remove media queries for older IE browsers                   =liamhegenbarth
gulp-rest-emulator                    Gulp plugin use Rest Emulator                                =temrdm
gulp-resx2                            A resx file converter plugin for gulp                        =pagury
gulp-resx2js
gulp-retina-sprite                    gulp sprite plugin                                           =ikuznetsov
gulp-retina-sprites                   Convert images automatically to retina sprites.              =medialwerk…
gulp-rev                              Static asset revisioning by appending content hash to…       =sindresorhus…
gulp-rev-all                          Static asset revisioning by appending content hash to…       =smysnk
gulp-rev-append                       Cache-busting plugin for gulp.                               =bustardcelly
gulp-rev-cleaner                      Renamed to gulp-rev-outdated                                 =shonny.ua
gulp-rev-collector                    Static asset revision data collector from manifests,…        =shonny.ua
gulp-rev-css-url                      The lightweight plugin to override urls in css files to…     =galkinrost
gulp-rev-hash                         Appends a file's hash to a file URL to cache assets in any…  =outluch
gulp-rev-manifest-replace             Plugin to replace assets urls based on generated manifest…   =jiyinyiyong
gulp-rev-manifest-replace2            rev-manifest.json simple replace                             =7c00
gulp-rev-manifest-simple-replace
gulp-rev-mtime                        Appends a file's modified UNIX timestamp to a file URL to…   =thomastuts
gulp-rev-napkin                       Remove gulp-rev or gulp-rev-all file originals               =frankymartz
gulp-rev-outdated                     Old static asset revision files filter                       =shonny.ua
gulp-rev-pointer                      A gulp plugin to augment gulp-rev or gulp-rev-all. It…       =karlvr
gulp-rev-rails-manifest               Write manifest.json that is Rails assets helper compatible   =joker1007
gulp-rev-reloaded                     Static asset revisioning by appending content hash to…       =yola
gulp-rev-replace                      Rewrite occurences of filenames which have been renamed by…  =jamesknelson
gulp-rev-replace-stream               A plugin for Gulp                                            =lynndylanhurley
gulp-reveal                           HTML to Reveal.js                                            =bmpvieira
gulp-revplace                         Ultimate asset collector and rev-helper for gulp             =tenphi
gulp-revsolve                         Asset resolver and gulp-rev helper.                          =jzvelc
gulp-rework                           Preprocess CSS with Rework                                   =sindresorhus
gulp-rework-urls                      gulp-rework-urls                                             =riim
gulp-rewrite-css                      Rewrite url references in CSS                                =joscha
gulp-rewrite-cssurl                   rewrite css url gulp plugin                                  =guilipan
gulp-rho                              A plugin for gulp                                            =ryanthejuggler
gulp-rift-template                    gulp-rift-template                                           =riim
gulp-rigger                           A gulp plugin for using rigger                               =kuzyk
gulp-rimraf                           rimraf plugin for gulp                                       =robrich
gulp-riot                             gulp plugin for riot                                         =jigsaw
gulp-rjs                              A gulp interface to r.js                                     =nkostelnik
gulp-rltcss
gulp-rm                               Gulp Plugin: Removes files and directories                   =jhermsmeier
gulp-robots                           Robots.txt generator for Gulp                                =haydenbleasel
gulp-rollbar                          Upload source map files to Rollbar.com                       =ismriv
gulp-roole                            A plugin for Gulp to Compile Roole files to CSS              =chrisenytc
gulp-roro                             Preprocess CSS with roro.                                    =fmal
gulp-routes                           Add middleware to run for specified routes in your gulp…     =doowb…
gulp-rss                              Generates an RSS file from files with metadata (typically…   =naholyr
gulp-rsvg                             Convert SVG to PNG or PDF.                                   =beneb
gulp-rsync                            Rsync tasks for deploying gulp file structures               =jerrysu
gulp-rte                              Better dest handling for Gulp.                               =jonschlinkert
gulp-rtlcss                           Gulp plugin that uses RTLCSS to convert LTR CSS to RTL.      =jjlharrison
gulp-ruby-haml                        Compile Haml to HTML with Ruby Haml                          =cheshire137
gulp-ruby-haml-rkkn                   Compile Haml to HTML with Ruby Haml                          =civilframe
gulp-ruby-sass                        Compile Sass to CSS with Ruby Sass                           =sindresorhus…
gulp-ruby-sass-ns                     gulp plugin for ruby-sass                                    =vohof
gulp-run                              Pipe to shell commands in gulp                               =cbarrick
gulp-run-seq                          Gulp plugin to run tasks in order.                           =sttk
gulp-run-sequence                     Deprecated - Please use run-sequence instead:…               =overzealous
gulp-runtime                          A gulp runtime interface                                     =stringparser
gulp-rwi                              Simplified responsive images with Gulp.                      =haydenbleasel
gulp-s3                               A plugin for Gulp that uploads files to s3                   =nkostelnik
gulp-s3-upload                        A gulp task to upload/update assets to an S3 account.        =clineamb
gulp-s3-util                          A plugin for Gulp that provides AWS s3 utilities.            =merobertsjr
gulp-safe                             Safe proxy for output files                                  =gobwas
gulp-sakugawa                         Run Sakugawa via gulp for CSS splitting, filtering and…      =paazmaya
gulp-sane-watch                       Gulp watch with sane                                         =ggkovacs
gulp-sass                             Gulp plugin for sass                                         =dlmanning
gulp-sass-alt
gulp-sass-binaries                    Gulp plugin for sass (this package uses node-sass-binaries…  =bulyshko
gulp-sass-bulk-import                 import directories in your SCSS                              =mathisonian
gulp-sass-graph                       Only pass along Sass files that have changed, along with…    =lox
gulp-sass-map-svg
gulp-sassdoc                          SassDoc gulp task                                            =pascalduez
gulp-save                             Store and restore stream                                     =efrafa
gulp-savefile                         write file to disk                                           =changkong
gulp-saxon                            xslt by saxon plugin for gulp                                =nbqx
gulp-scaffold-cli                     > A Karma utilities for AMD modules                          =carlosmarte
gulp-scenario                         register gulp task                                           =achamaro
gulp-scope-css                        A plugin for Gulp                                            =nixonchris
gulp-scorm-manifest                   scorm manifest gulp task                                     =rmatsikas
gulp-scp                              Transfer files via scp                                       =fjandin
gulp-scp2                             Copy file to remote server, using scp2 that is a pure…       =popomore
gulp-script-inject                    A gulp plugin to inject JS variables after reading from a…   =rmdort
gulp-scss-lint                        Validate `.scss` files with `scss-lint`                      =juanfran
gulp-scsslint                         SCSS-Lint plugin for gulp                                    =noahmiller
gulp-se-entry-point                   Se entry point                                               =broflovsky
gulp-seajs                            seajs builder for gulp                                       =chenllos
gulp-seajs-combo                      seajs(CMD) Module combo pulgin for gulp                      =chenmnkken
gulp-seajs-config                     ????seajs-config.js?gulp??                            =zjj                 2014-12
gulp-seajs-transport                  transport seajs modules gulp plugin                          =guilipan
gulp-seajs-trs                        An seajs transport plugin                                    =lichenhao
gulp-sections                         Cutting specified fragments of scripts                       =wszerad
gulp-selectors                        Minify CSS selectors.                                        =calebthebrewer
gulp-selenium                         Gulp plugin for working with Selenium Server                 =ianwalter
gulp-semiflat                         Amend the base path of gulp vinyl files based on a Glob to…  =bholloway
gulp-semverify                        Gulp plugin that checks package.json dependencies to make…   =mandarind
gulp-sequence                         Run a series of gulp tasks in order.                         =zensh
gulp-series                           Gulp non-dependent ordered tasks runner. It solves the…      =iameugenejo
gulp-serv                             Simple static server for gulpjs                              =yunghwakwon
gulp-serve                            Serve your assets                                            =hell0w0rd
gulp-serve-bundle                     Gulp task for serve bh bundle                                =fi11
gulp-serve-spa                        Serve your assets                                            =mgonto
gulp-server                           gulp-connect ============ in developing                      =avevlad
gulp-server-livereload                Gulp plugin to run a local webserver with livereload…        =hiddentao
gulp-service                          gulp plugin for spawning processes and services such as…     =ivoputzer
gulp-set-contents                     Set contents for the files                                   =churpeau
gulp-sftp                             Upload files via SSH                                         =gtg092x
gulp-sharp                            Gulp plugin to resize image using sharp (libvips binding…    =rizalp
gulp-shell                            A handy command line interface for gulp                      =sun-zheng-an
gulp-shopify-upload                   A tool to watch and upload files to Shopify for use in…      =mikenorthorp
gulp-shot
gulp-showhelp                         Gulp plugin to show a help message for your gulpfile.js.     =sttk
gulp-shrinkwrap                       Opinionated package.json dependency shrinkwrapper            =chmontgomery
gulp-simple-compass                   A plugin for Gulp                                            =snugug
gulp-simple-rename                    A simpler approach to renaming files in gulp.                =tomekwi
gulp-simplecrypt                      Simplecrypt for Gulp.                                        =metrime
gulp-simplefont64                     Create base64 data from font files and group them into…      =joshblack
gulp-sip                              A wrapper for gulp providing task descriptions, a more…      =johnsonjii
gulp-site-config                      A plugin that scans through JSON files and produces a…       =codemonkey800
gulp-sitemap                          Generate a search engine friendly sitemap.xml using a Gulp…  =pgilad
gulp-sitemap-files                    Gulp plugin to get all files listed in a sitemap             =adam-lynch
gulp-size                             Display the size of your project                             =sindresorhus
gulp-size2                            Display the size of your project                             =afc163
gulp-sizereport                       Display the size and gzipped size of your project, trigger…  =jaysalvat
gulp-sketch                           SketchTool plugin for gulp                                   =cognitom
gulp-skin                             skin                                                         =wuxiaorui86
gulp-sky-component-helper             A way to help ensure the common tasks are consistant across… =peter-mouland
gulp-slack                            Post messages to Slack                                       =auoja
gulp-slang                            Curl files to JCR using Sling                                =mnlsn
gulp-slash                            Convert gulp file paths using slash.                         =bholloway
gulp-slim                             slim plugin for gulp                                         =cognitom
gulp-slm                              Compile Slm to HTML for Gulp                                 =simnalamburt
gulp-sloc                             A port of the grunt-sloc plugin for gulp                     =oddjobsman
gulp-sloc-simply                      Gulp plugin to log number of source lines of code            =krzysztof-o
gulp-smoosher                         Inline css and js links with file contents                   =gabrielflorit
gulp-sms                              SMS Gulp wrapper                                             =smstw
gulp-smushit                          Gulp plugin to optimize PNG and JPG using Yahoo Smushit      =helder
gulp-snakeskin                        Using Snakeskin templates with Gulp.                         =kobezzza
gulp-soften                           A gulp task that converts hard tabs to spaces.               =jacksongariety
gulp-sonar                            Sonar runner for gulp.                                       =machellerogden
gulp-sonic                            Gulp task for compiling Sonic templates                      =tinganho
gulp-sort                             Sort files in stream by path or any custom sort comparator   =pgilad
gulp-sort-json                        gulp-sort-json ==============                                =leeqiang
gulp-source-url                       Source URLs for files run though with gulp                   =rschmukler
gulp-sourcemaps                       Source map support for Gulp.js                               =floridoo
gulp-soy                              Gulp plugin to build Google Closure Templates, aka Soy       =jbdemonte
gulp-soynode                          Gulp plugin using soynode for working with Closure…          =eduardolundgren
gulp-spa                              Define your build sources in HTML.                           =jussi-kalliokoski
gulp-spawn                            spawn plugin for gulp                                        =hparra
gulp-spawn-mocha                      Runs Mocha as a child process.                               =kenpowers
gulp-spawn-shim                       Thin wrapper (shim) of Node.js's child_process.spawn() with… =dashed
gulp-spawn-xcodebuild                 Compiles xcode project with gulp                             =llun
gulp-special-html                     Converts special characters to UTF-8.                        =metrime
gulp-spellcheck                       A gulp plugin for spell-checking with GNU Aspell.            =akoenig
gulp-spider                           Compile Spider to JavaScript with Gulp                       =izolate
gulp-spider-script                    A simple gulp plugin for compiling Spiderscript files.       =simplej
gulp-spiderscript                     Compile Spider to JavaScript with Gulp                       =johnleung
gulp-spm                              gulp plugin for cmd transport                                =popomore =sorrycc
gulp-sprite                           gulp task for creating image sprites and the corresponding…  =aslansky
gulp-sprite-generator                 Plugin that generate sprites from your stylesheets (using…   =gobwas
gulp-sprite-glue                      Gulp Glue Plugin                                             =frontainer
gulp-spritegen                        generates sprites for different densities (iPhone 6+)        =noveogroup…
gulp-spriter                          the plugin to help UI Engineer creating css sprite           =roninliu
gulp-spriters                         gulp-sprites ===                                             =jfengjiang
gulp-sprites                          [![NPM…                                                      =army8735
gulp-sprites-preprocessor             > [Sprite…                                                   =jansedivy
gulp-spritesmith                      A plugin for Gulp                                            =otouto
gulp-sprockets-compiler               ## Usage                                                     =mogstad
gulp-sprockets-directive-parser       Sprockets directives with Gulp.                              =mogstad
gulp-sqlite3                          A gulp module that executes sql files against a SQLite…      =edjboston
gulp-src-files                        Synchronous get filenames like a gulp.src                    =59naga
gulp-src-ordered-globs                gulp.src() wrapper which respects the globs array order…     =ult_combo
gulp-srcdeps
gulp-srm
gulp-ssg                              Generate a static site with gulpjs                           =paulwib
gulp-ssh                              SSH and SFTP tasks for gulp                                  =zensh
gulp-stack                            My gulp stack                                                =leipert
gulp-start                            Start process based on filename                              =floatdrop
gulp-start-process                    Just start process with nice output                          =floatdrop
gulp-starter-stylus                   Gulp starter with common tasks and scenarios                 =spiralx
gulp-static-api                       ======= [![Build…                                            =alexsomeoddpilot
gulp-static-cache                     cache css/js/html                                            =johnqing
gulp-static-combo-in-freemarker       A gulp plugin for combo static file in freemarker            =anhulife
gulp-static-handlebars                Compile handlebars into static files, taking data, partials… =danestuckel
gulp-static-hash                      A gulp plugin for cache files by adding a hash version…      =anhulife
gulp-static-site                      Build a static site with gulp                                =wires
gulp-stats                            Display stats for Gulp tasks                                 =simmo
gulp-sterno-manifest                  generate a sterno manifest when deploying your app           =imlucas
gulp-stitch                           A plugin for Gulp                                            =thriller_wu
gulp-storage                          A plugin for Gulp                                            =joelcoxokc
gulp-strap                            Basic bootstrapping for some gulp tasks                      =yunghwakwon
gulp-strapr                           A plugin for Gulp                                            =glenn.abrahamsen
gulp-straw                            [EXPERIMENTAL] Gulp Task Manager: The tool for managing…     =cognitom
gulp-stream                           Make sure all gulp file contents are available as streams    =jeromew
gulp-streamify                        Wrap old plugins to support streams.                         =nfroidure
gulp-streamify-old                    Wrap old plugins to support streams.                         =ground5hark
gulp-streamline                       Streamline plugin for gulp                                   =ryanp.me
gulp-streamlinejs                     Streamline plugin for gulp                                   =calvinwiebe
gulp-string                           Implementation of javascript String routines which may be…   =djtregear
gulp-strip-banner                     Strips non-protected banner comments (/** ... */, but not…   =oscarg
gulp-strip-code                       A gulp plugin to remove parts of code based on regular…      =massick
gulp-strip-comments                   Strip comments from code                                     =rnbwd
gulp-strip-css-comments               Strip comments from CSS                                      =sindresorhus
gulp-strip-debug                      Strip console and debugger statements from JavaScript code   =sindresorhus
gulp-strip-json-comments              Strip comments from JSON. Lets you use comments in your…     =sindresorhus
gulp-strip-line                       Strip line plugin for gulp                                   =guzart
gulp-strip-module                     Removes module structure from a NodeJS module.               =andrewq
gulp-strip-ng-log                     Gulp plugin to strip calls to AngularJS's $log functions.    =ntdaley
gulp-strip-react-dom-comment          Strips the /** @jsx React.DOM */ from pipes to support…      =stonecypher
gulp-stripbom                         strip bom of files/string                                    =light
gulp-striphtml                        Strip away all html and replace with empty lines             =oxyc
gulp-stss                             Gulp plugin for stss                                         =amitkothari
gulp-stubby
gulp-stubby-server                    A Gulp plugin for setting up a Stubby mock server based on…  =felixzapata
gulp-stubcell                         stub server for gulp                                         =yosuke-furukawa
gulp-studio                           Repository of modern web development tooling and components  =djfrsn
gulp-styl                             Preprocess CSS with Styl                                     =sindresorhus
gulp-style-prototype                  Gulp Runners for Style Prototypes                            =snugug
gulp-stylecow                         Transform css files using stylecow                           =oscarotero
gulp-styledocco                       StyleDocco plugin for gulp.                                  =konitter
gulp-styledown                        A gulp.js plugin for styledown.                              =st44100
gulp-styleguide                       gulp pipeline to generate a styleguide from DSS              =paulwib
gulp-stylestats                       Gulp task for StyleStats                                     =1000ch
gulp-stylestats-report                Outputs stylestats data to a JSON file                       =mgmeyers
gulp-stylist                          Gulp plugin for stylist                                      =tunderdomb
gulp-stylus                           Stylus plugin for gulp                                       =stevelacy
gulp-stylus-sprite                    Sprites with stylus & spritesmith                            =iliakan
gulp-stylus-sprites                   gulp stylus sprite                                           =syuji-higa
gulp-subset-process                   Process a subset of the stream and put the result into place =hoho
gulp-substituter                      Replace matched strings in files for defined values          =jansedivy
gulp-subtask                          Create sub task for gulp.                                    =hrfm
gulp-subtree                          Gulp module to push a folder to a subtree                    =snugug
gulp-suitcss                          Preprocess and validate SUIT CSS components                  =casear
gulp-supersede                        Replaces content within a HTML/DOM structure                 =247even
gulp-supervisor                       Run supervisor as a gulp task for easy integration with the… =leny =krkn
gulp-surgeon                          Surgical percision for Gulp                                  =rschmukler
gulp-susli                            precompile susli templates into js                           =yasanchezz
gulp-svg-icons                        Inserting SVG icons was never so easy.                       =coma
gulp-svg-ignore                       Just for removing the layers of svg sources                  =morlay
gulp-svg-sprite                       SVG sprites & stacks galore — Gulp plugin wrapping around…   =jkphl
gulp-svg-sprites                      Create SVG sprites with PNG fallbacks                        =shakyshane
gulp-svg-spritesheet                  Gulp SVG sprite sheet generator                              =iamdarrenhall
gulp-svg-symbols                      Convert SVG files to symbols with gulp                       =hiswe
gulp-svg2el                           Extract SVG DOM element from SVG image file                  =sw4
gulp-svg2png                          A gulp plugin for converting SVGs to PNGs.                   =akoenig
gulp-svg2ttf                          Create a TTF font from an SVG font                           =nfroidure
gulp-svgedit                          Edit Svg files                                               =ssen
gulp-svgfallback                      Generate png sprite from svg icons                           =unsoundscapes
gulp-svgicons2svgfont                 Create a SVG font from several SVG icons                     =nfroidure
gulp-svgicons2svgfontforweb           Create a SVG font from several SVG icons                     =leeqqiang
gulp-svgmin                           Minify SVG files with gulp.                                  =beneb
gulp-svgo                             Minify SVG images                                            =twistdigital
gulp-svgstore                         Combine svg files into one with <symbol> elements            =unsoundscapes
gulp-swagger-dummy                    Create dummy JSON from swagger docs                          =jsbuzz
gulp-sweetjs                          gulp loader for sweetjs                                      =sindresorhus…
gulp-swiffy                           Gulp plugin to convert SWF files with Google Swiffy.         =blvz
gulp-swig                             Swig Plugin for Gulp                                         =colynb
gulp-swig-jst                         Compile Swig templates to a JST file using Gulp.             =codedsignal
gulp-swig-precompile                  Swig precompiler for gulp                                    =asabhaney
gulp-switch                           Stream condition for switch/case                             =popomore
gulp-sym                              Gulp symlink                                                 =soyuka
gulp-symlink                          Create symlinks during your gulp build.                      =beneb
gulp-sync                             sync for dependency tasks of gulp.task method                =kaminaly
gulp-sync-files
gulp-sync-processor                   Sometime we need to use the data which other pipe emitted…   =morlay
gulp-table2csv                        Convert html tables to valid csv.                            =nechtan
gulp-tag-version                      Tag git repository with current package version              =ikari
gulp-taggit                           Simple semantic version interactions with git tags           =klowner
gulp-tap                              Easiest way to tap into a pipeline                           =mgutz
gulp-tar                              Create tarball from files                                    =sindresorhus
gulp-targethtml                       Preproces HTML files by using target tags                    =dinoboff
gulp-tarte-jsunit                     Unit test tool for Javascript codes working on Node.js.      =sttk
gulp-task                             A wrapper of gulp.task that enables promise-based…           =timhuff
gulp-task-factory                     gulp task factory                                            =turner
gulp-task-list                        Lists gulp tasks and their comments                          =totolicious
gulp-task-listing                     Adds the ability to provide a task listing for your gulpfile =overzealous
gulp-task-loader                      Load gulp tasks from folder                                  =hontas
gulp-task-master                      Offers a way to modularize your tasks                        =ksmithut
gulp-task-promise                     A wrapper of gulp.task that enables promise-based…           =timhuff
gulp-tasker                           Gulp task loader and task registration manager               =ivdwiel
gulp-taskfromstreams                  Forward stream errors to a task                              =pandell =milang
gulp-taskify                          A plugin designed to aid in managing tasks that are split…   =whitneyit
gulp-tasks
gulp-tasks-common                     Common modules for Java-Script development with Gulp         =jkuetemeier
gulp-tcoffee                          gulp-tcoffee ============                                    =minodisk
gulp-techy                            A Gulp plugin containing the core of Techy…                  =krasimir
gulp-teddy                            Teddy template compiler gulp plugin                          =csombek
gulp-teenypng                         Minify PNG images with TinyPNG                               =mikehall314
gulp-template                         Render/precompile Lo-Dash/Underscore templates               =sindresorhus
gulp-template-compile                 Gulp task to precompile lodash templates                     =ingruz
gulp-template-handlebars
gulp-templatecache                    Gulp plugin to join AngularJS templates in one JavaScript…   =darlanalves
gulp-tenon-client                     Gulp Plugin for Tenon Accessibility Testing API              =egauci
gulp-tenzing                          Builds style guides from handlebars templates                =linssen
gulp-test                             All-in-one unit, lint, coverage & complexity tester          =justinfreitag
gulp-testem                           A plugin for Gulp                                            =sargentsurg
gulp-testfairy
gulp-testflight
gulp-testium                          This is a gulp plugin for testium.                           =alexgorbatchev
gulp-text-translator                  Translate your files by using {{ syntax }} and…              =raphaelluchini
gulp-text2json                        A Gulp plugin for compiling text files into adjacent JSON…   =bluejeansandrain
gulp-textile                          Textile plugin for gulp                                      =shuhei
gulp-texttojs                         Compiles text files into javascript files.                   =dzearing
gulp-tfcsprite                        A plugin for Gulp                                            =hakashun
gulp-tfs                              gulp plugin for team foundation server                       =junyiz
gulp-tfs-commander                    TFS check-out and edit plugin for gulp                       =josephclay
gulp-theme-less                       A LESS plugin for Gulp. Clean Less files, to make easy…      =cristianmr
gulp-themer                           Generate JSON hashmap of css selectors for theming.          =speedmanly
gulp-throttle                         A gulp plugin to test your web app with slow internet…       =johno
gulp-through                          Gulp stream transform factory                                =mgcrea
gulp-through-child
gulp-tictail                          Gulp target for simplifying Tictail theme creation           =kalasjocke =ptz0n
gulp-tika-extractor                   Document extractor using Tika for Gulp                       =faizhasim
gulp-tika-renamer
gulp-tinypng                          gulp plugin to compress png images using tinypng api         =creativeaura
gulp-tipograph                        Tipograph plugin for Gulp                                    =nevyk
gulp-titanium                                                                                      =atticoos
gulp-tmod                             the gulp plugin for tmodjs                                   =light
gulp-tmpl                             Lodash/Underscore templates plugin for gulp.                 =adrianolaru
gulp-to-json                          Create json file from sources.                               =efrafa
gulp-to-markdown                      Gulp wrapper for to-markdown - an HTML to Markdown…          =kuu
gulp-toc                              Generate a Table of Contents for HTML files                  =phated
gulp-todo                             Generate a TODO.md file from comments of files in stream     =pgilad
gulp-todos                            Generate a TODO.md file from all your project files TODOs…   =jabher
gulp-toga                             Clothe your code with Gulp.                                  =shannonmoeller
gulp-tojson                           A gulp plugin for transforming data, e.g. CSV to JSON, TSV…  =dengzhao
gulp-token-replace                    A token replace plugin for gulp                              =pictela
gulp-toml                             Convert toml to json                                         =will-ob
gulp-toor                             gulp plugin to package all require.js files                  =toobug
gulp-tpl                              [data(yaml/json)] + [data(gulp control)] + [filter(js)] +…   =changkong
gulp-tpl2amd                          Convert js templates to AMD modules no matter what syntax    =dexteryy
gulp-tpl2js                           Compile template to js string, and wrap as amd/cmd module.   =chunterg
gulp-tpl2mod                          gulp plugin to transform plain text to javascript string     =spud
gulp-trace                            Add trace info into coffee, js, css, less files.             =webyom
gulp-traceur                          Traceur is a JavaScript.next to JavaScript-of-today compiler =sindresorhus
gulp-traceur-cmdline                  Traceur command line plugin for Gulp                         =cabrera
gulp-traceur-compiler                 Compiles ES6 to ES3/ES5 using the Traceur Compiler           =origin1tech
gulp-traceur-out
gulp-track-filenames                  Capture file names before and after transform steps so as…   =bholloway
gulp-trailer                          add a file to a source stream after all others are done      =jden
gulp-trans                            trans Markdown to HTML                                       =i5ting
gulp-transform-head                   Transform the beginning of a stream/buffer, useful for…      =kolodny
gulp-transform-js-ast                 Gulp plugin to transform a javascript AST using recast…      =ntdaley
gulp-transform-selectors              A plugin for Gulp                                            =nixonchris
gulp-transformify                     stream transform factory                                     =mgcrea
gulp-transifex                        Gulp plugin for uploading source languages files to…         =kevin.martin
gulp-translate-html                   A plugin for Gulp                                            =hakashun
gulp-translation                      gulp plugin to translate any plain text file                 =mastilver
gulp-translator                       Translate your files by using {{ syntax }} and…              =arathunku
gulp-transport                        gulp plugin for cmd transport                                =popomore =sorrycc
gulp-trconvert                        A plugin for Gulp                                            =hakashun
gulp-tree                             A gulp plugin to create tree JSON from directory. Used for…  =rmdort
gulp-tree-concat                      Gulp processor to merge multiple javascript files into one…  =timnew
gulp-tributary                        Gulp plugin to insert one file into another                  =mrdaniellewis
gulp-trim                             gulp-trim                                                    =riim
gulp-trycatch-closure                 Enclose the content with a try...catch statement             =ulflander
gulp-ts                               TypeScript compiler Gulp plugin                              =nawitus
gulp-tsb                              A gulp plugin for very fast TypeScript compilation.          =jrieken
gulp-tsc                              TypeScript compiler for gulp.js                              =kotas
gulp-tsc-autoref                      Automatically adds typescript references to the top of the…  =ifeltsweet
gulp-tsd                              Gulp plugin to automate TSD and TypeScript definition…       =moznion
gulp-tslint                           TypeScript linter Gulp plugin                                =nawitus
gulp-tslint-log                       tslint plugin for gulp                                       =guzart
gulp-tsv2json                         tsv to json using gulp                                       =chilijung
gulp-ttf2eot                          Create an EOT font from a TTF font                           =nfroidure
gulp-ttf2woff                         Create a WOFF font from a TTF font                           =nfroidure
gulp-ttkm                             Template to kissy module                                     =zhouqicf
gulp-tvm-tsc                          Compile TypeScript files to JavaScript with TypeScript…      =watilde
gulp-twig                             Twig.js plugin for gulp.js (gulpjs.com)                      =zimmen
gulp-twig-compile                     Compile Twig templates to javascript                         =jonspalmer
gulp-twig-with-data                   Fork of gulp-twig that can use gulp-data                     =colynb
gulp-twitter                          Make your build system tweet                                 =janraasch
gulp-twoside                          Gulp extension to add wrap .js file for twoside.js module.   =chaosim
gulp-type                             A typescript compiler for gulp with incremental compilation… =ivogabe
gulp-typedoc                          Gulp plugin for the TypeDoc typescript documentation tool.   =rogierschouten
gulp-typescript                       A typescript compiler for gulp with incremental compilation… =sindresorhus…
gulp-typescript-compiler              Typescript plugin for gulp                                   =guzart
gulp-typescript-package               Gulp task that compiles typescript files into one package…   =lernetz-mich
gulp-typogr                           Typography utils                                             =jeddy3
gulp-typograf                         Prepare texts with Typograf using Gulp.                      =hcodes
gulp-ucc                              ucc adapter for gulp                                         =windyge
gulp-uglify                           Minify files with UglifyJS.                                  =terinjokes
gulp-uglify-inline                    Gulp plugin to uglify inline scripts                         =shkuznetsov
gulp-uglify2
gulp-uglifycss                        Gulp plugin to use uglifycss                                 =spy-seth
gulp-uglifyjs                         Minify multiple files with UglifyJS.                         =craigjennings11
gulp-uglyfly                          Minify files with UglyflyJS.                                 =quaderi
gulp-umd                              Gulp plugin for build JavaScript files as Universal Module…  =eduardolundgren
gulp-uncache                          Append unique string or md5 hash to paths in html files to…  =elmccd
gulp-uncache-examples
gulp-uncss                            Remove unused CSS selectors.                                 =beneb
gulp-uncss-sp                         Remove unused CSS selectors. Insanely copied from…           =samar
gulp-uncss-task                       A Gulp task for removing unused CSS                          =addyosmani
gulp-unofficial-plugin
gulp-unpathify                        Compress browserify require paths using gulp.                =beneb
gulp-unretina                         Scales @2x images down to standard resolution                =ramonfritsch
gulp-untar                            Extract tarballs in your gulp build pipeline                 =jmerrifield
gulp-untar2                           Extract tarballs in your gulp build pipeline                 =sorrycc
gulp-unused-css
gulp-unwrap                           unwrap cmd modules                                           =light
gulp-unzip                            gulp plugin for unzip                                        =suisho
gulp-update                           Fast Npm update when package.json changes.                   =tounano
gulp-updatepackagever                 ??????branch??package.json?version                  =phataim             2014-12-0
gulp-upload-azure                     Yet another gulp plugin for uploading files to Azure Blob…   =zheng1
gulp-upyun                            gulp plugins for upyun service                               =jacobbubu
gulp-use-asset                        Simply replaces asset references with a given file path.     =ktstowell
gulp-usemin                           Replaces references to non-optimized scripts or stylesheets… =alexander.zonov
gulp-usemin-query                     Replaces references to non-optimized scripts or stylesheets… =skytracer
gulp-usemin-reloaded                  A better usemin.                                             =julianxhokaxhiu
gulp-usemin-stream                    Replaces references to non-optimized scripts or stylesheets… =mgcrea
gulp-usemin2                          Replaces references to non-optimized scripts or stylesheets… =pursual
gulp-user-story                       Gulp plugin for UserStory.js                                 =piumosso
gulp-useref                           Parse build blocks in HTML files to replace references to…   =jonkemp
gulp-using                            Lists all files used                                         =jeromedecoster
gulp-utf8-convert                     convert file encoding to utf8                                =qinjia
gulp-utf8ize-sourcemaps               A Gulp plugin to apply utf8ize-sourcemaps to target…         =twada
gulp-util                             Utility functions for gulp plugins                           =fractal
gulp-uudpend                          Prints out unused AMD dependencies                           =toben
gulp-validate-jsdoc                   Validate JsDoc function parameters are documented            =sboudrias
gulp-varnish-bust                     Gulp task for busting Varnish cache after deploy             =termina1
gulp-vartree                          Create a variable tree from the property values of given…    =nfroidure
gulp-velocity                         A gulp plugin for rendering velocity template, based on the… =winniebear
gulp-ver                              Appends package version (package.json) to static files:…     =bukharov
gulp-verb                             Gulp plugin for Verb, the zero-configuration markdown docs…  =doowb…
gulp-version-append                   Cache-busting plugin for gulp.                               =m03geek
gulp-version-number                   Add version number to css/js/image... in HTML file.          =shinate
gulp-version-tag                      A plugin for Gulp                                            =soliury
gulp-vfs                              Virtual file system that works with Gulp                     =dong
gulp-vhash                            Asset versioning (for caching optimization)                  =up
gulp-view-compile                     ???html?????cmd,amd????????????????… =purplebamboo        2014-12-02 1.0.2       g
gulp-viewcache                        Concatenates and registers view templates in the…            =duellsy
gulp-viking-posts                     A gulp plugin for generating lightweight JSON blog posts.…   =jneurock
gulp-vinyl-yazl                       Pure JavaScript, streaming vinyl adapter for zip archives    =blvz
gulp-vinyl-zip                        Streaming vinyl adapter for zip archives                     =joaomoreno
gulp-vm                               Run scripts in gulp                                          =goatslacker
gulp-vows                             Gulp plugin for vows.js                                      =m0x72
gulp-vulcanize                        Concatenate a set of Web Components into one file            =sindresorhus
gulp-w3c-css                          A Gulp plugin for CSS Validation                             =gchudnov
gulp-w3cjs                            A Gulp wrapper for w3cjs to validate your HTML               =callumacrae
gulp-wagon
gulp-wait                             A gulp task that inserts a delay before calling the next…    =bpartridge83
gulp-war                              A Java WAR file generator plugin for Gulp                    =scottweinstein…
gulp-warnlog
gulp-watch                            Watch, that actually is an endless stream                    =floatdrop
gulp-watch-concat                     gulp concatenate file watch                                  =cooolbasha
gulp-watch-git                        Short package description                                    =mdevils
gulp-watch-koala                      Watch, that actually is an endless stream                    =koala
gulp-watch-less                       Watch .less files and their @imports using the gulp-watch…   =craga89
gulp-watch-local-packages             Gulp watcher to automatically update local packages when…    =wilmoore
gulp-watch-network                    Watch File Events received over the Network using Listen…    =medialwerk…
gulp-watch-sequence                   Merge the actions of multiple watch triggers into a single…  =bholloway
gulp-watchalive
gulp-watchify                         integrates watchify with gulp.js                             =marcello
gulp-web-component-tester
gulp-web-modules                      Module oriented build system for single page applications    =jhudson
gulp-webapp
gulp-webmake                          > Bundles CommonJS and Node.JS modules for web browsers…     =cmtt
gulp-webp                             Convert images to WebP                                       =sindresorhus
gulp-webpack                          webpack                                                      =sindresorhus =shama
gulp-webpack-build                    Helps to build bundles based on webpack configs              =mdreizin
gulp-webpack-config                   Gulp plugin to run webpack on a stream of config file and…   =kmalakoff
gulp-webpcss                          A plugin for Gulp                                            =lexich
gulp-webserver                        Gulp plugin to run a local webserver with LiveReload         =schickling
gulp-webshot                          Webshot provides a simple API for taking webpage screenshots =cobaimelan
gulp-weibo-dot2js                     A plugin for Gulp, compiles doT template to .js files        =liuweifeng
gulp-weinre                           using gulp run weinre task                                   =iskenhuang
gulp-wintersmith
gulp-wisp                             Wisp plugin for gulp                                         =jacksongariety
gulp-word-count                       A wordcount gulp utility                                     =antjanus
gulp-workspace                        PoliteJS Workspace Utility Package for GulpJS                =marcopeg
gulp-wp-rev                           Revisioning JS and CSS to scripts.php file on wordpress…     =raulghm
gulp-wpstylecss                       A plugin for Gulp                                            =stefanfisk
gulp-wrap                             A gulp plugin to wrap the stream contents with a template.   =adamayres =shinnn
gulp-wrap-amd                         Wrap files with an AMD wrapper                               =phated
gulp-wrap-amd-infer                   Gulp plugin to automatically wrap and optionally compile…    =kmalakoff
gulp-wrap-commonjs                    Wrap files into a CommonJS module definition compatible…     =efacilitation
gulp-wrap-define                      Gulp plugin for wrapping files in a define statement         =kmalakoff
gulp-wrap-docco                       A gulp plugin to convert code into html using docco's…       =amitport
gulp-wrap-exports                     Wrap CommonJS module in IIFE and create global variable      =alexeyraspopov
gulp-wrap-function                    gulp plugin for wrapping your customize function             =yhsiang
gulp-wrap-js                          Gulp plugin for templating JavaScript code with source maps… =rreverser
gulp-wrap-layout                      A gulp plugin to wrap the stream contents with a lodash…     =mariusgundersen
gulp-wrap-link
gulp-wrap-require                     Plugin for Gulp to wrap modules in CommonJs style            =litiws
gulp-wrap-style
gulp-wrap-umd                         Wrap files with an UMD wrapper                               =phated
gulp-wrapper                          A gulp plugin for wrapping files with custom strings.…       =antouank
gulp-xgettext                         Gulp plugin for GNU xgettext utility                         =justblackbird
gulp-xls2json
gulp-xlsx2json
gulp-xml-editor                       A gulp plugin to edit XML document (libxmljs wrapper)        =morou
gulp-xml2js                           Convert xml files to js with gulp (gulpjs.com)               =stevelacy
gulp-xml2json                         xml to json using gulp                                       =chilijung
gulp-xmlpoke                          Updates values in XML files based on XPath queries. This is… =pedroreys
gulp-xqlint                           Gulp plugin for XQLint                                       =wcandillon
gulp-xslt                             XSLT transformation plugin for gulp                          =vecmezoni
gulp-xtemplate                        compile .xtpl file to modulex module                         =yiminghe
gulp-xtpl                             Gulp XTpl (XTemplate) for TMall Biz                          =koolc
gulp-yadda-steps                      A gulp task to generate or update Yadda test step libraries… =cellarise
gulp-yaml                             Convert YAML to JSON                                         =crissdev
gulp-yml                              Compile YML files                                            =lazutkin
gulp-yui-meta                         Extract YUI Loader meta from YUI modules                     =cquinders
gulp-yuicompressor                    Minify files with yuicompressor                              =anhulife
gulp-yuidoc                           A yuidoc plugin for Gulp                                     =dmp
gulp-zebrakss                         Gulp plugin for KSS (Knyle Style Sheets)                     =juliarechkunova
gulp-zeroc-slice2js                   Gulp plugin to compile Slice files to JavaScript             =zeroc
gulp-ziey-i18n                        gulp i18n tool by zem                                        =zemzheng
gulp-ziey-ruby-haml                   Compile Haml to HTML with Ruby Haml                          =zemzheng
gulp-zip                              ZIP compress files                                           =sindresorhus
gulp-zkflow                           Gulp tasks for working on angular apps                       =bolo
gulp-zopfli                           Zopfli compressor for gulp                                   =romeovs…
?